Ihara and we're live dumped,
dumped 'em Brynn charm.
I got to talk to you about marijuana and exercise together as a group.
Really.
I am a huge fan today.
I did something I haven't done a long time.
I haven't been getting high and working out.
I got high and did yoga like a couple of weeks ago and I fucking loved it.
It was a 90 minute class and it went.
I thought I was abducted by aliens and I lost time aliens,
not aliens and SPANDEX.
The place I go to is not done well.
They're very nice people.
I'll just say that.
But when I was um,
when I was in the cloud,
usually the class like 90 minutes,
it's rough.
Especially if those last 20,
you've got to grind,
you've got to stay focused.
Mentally tough,
mentally challenged,
like bullshit,
like you know,
like oh come on.
And he's housewives are tough.
Yeah,
I've been through some shit.
I've been through some shit with football and fighting and a 90 minute class,
what?
I didn't know it was 90 minutes,
I thought was 60.
I was like,
damn,
not to freak out.
I didn't have water.
I have water.
Oh No,
super gangster.
I was like 16 minutes.
I'm cool with water.
Then it gets to that hour mark and I looked over the grill nick too.
I'm like,
we're supposed to wrap soon.
She goes,
oh no honey,
it's,
it's 90 minutes.
You should have seen.
I wish I had my face on camera.
I was like,
God,
how did you do it without wanting to break?
I'm about to break.
You need to try that Wim Hoff method.
That dude didn't even do like a marathon in the middle of the desert in Africa
or something like that.
No water.
Yeah,
there's an animal.
Me Making it through yoga.
No larger than saying it's him.
I'm telling you man,
I'm telling you bro.
I was about to break.
I was like,
damn,
he's house.
Mom's ready.
We'll get this bitch.
There was something about doing it high where it was easier and I don't
necessarily know if that's good.
So I think that like sometimes like those mental struggles that's good for the
mind.
Tigers deals up the mind and the weed man,
like almost easy,
easier,
way easier.
Like to the point where I was like,
that was an hour and a half like I never do that when I'm sober.
Ever,
ever.
You're kind of freaking out towards the end.
Not freaking out,
but you're just like dangerous grind in like just what I try to do towards the
end of yoga class.
We sound like the biggest pussies that have ever walked the face of the earth.
You know when yoga gets hard,
hey,
whatever bro.
Fucking love that shit.
Look,
you'll get heartbroken.
The fucking talk.
I toughened up bro.
I got mental toughness.
I'm doing chatter,
Ranga and shoot for real until I don't feel cluck 90 minute yoga will fuck you
up.
It will fuck you up,
but what I,
I'm I do is I just try to concentrate on my breathing.
That's it.
It's constantly on my breathing and don't,
I don't let anything in.
I don't let any complaints and I don't let any,
I'm tired in,
I just won't.
I know it's there,
but I just just bear down and really focus on breathing and bear down and focus
on whatever I'm trying to do physically,
whatever the posture is.
Dude,
for me it was a lot.
My Mom,
I'm working so much and I'll care about his work and so I think about all the
time,
but when I go to yoga,
it's so hard.
It takes my mind off what's going on.
Yeah,
it's like a reset button,
but it is a mother fucker.
I feel the exact same way.
It does something.
There's something about holding poses and the difficulty and the focus that it
requires to do it.
Ryan,
it sort of erases your mind.
It cleans your mind out.
It's almost like a car wash for your brain was like a little reset.
Then it helps later in the day.
Oh yeah.
It helps you like you so much less.
Um,
I want to say reactive,
but you,
you're more relaxed when it comes to like outcomes of things and more relaxed
when it comes to interactions with people.
It makes me,
I swear to God,
I think it makes you a nicer person.
It opens you up more open minded.
I think it,
um,
you know,
I've been going for about three weeks now in Santa Monica when I first got
there.
I'm literally no one talked to me.
They're like,
look at this fucking meat head in here.
No one talked to me.
I was in the back.
I'd come out,
they'd have like their little groups and I'd just be on my own like prejudice.
Dammit.
I know.
Man.
Bruxism this real,
it's not racism or race of men.
Waste of race of real men.
That's what it is.
They're racist against real men.
They're my friend.
Human Rights on I'm over now though.
They're cool.
You want them over?
I what's up?
Yeah.
That kind of show.
Eventually you're gonna get a tea together.
Yeah.
You never know.
There's a place that I uh,
passed by in Santa Monica that has some yoga class,
but it's like a factory that produces hot chicks with towels under their arm.
Like,
what was I talking about?
Mental toughness.
Try not pop in a bone in my yoga track class.
Straight up.
I get in there,
I'm like,
God damn.
The teacher goes,
eyes forward,
gaze forward.
So it got,
she tells you that.
Oh,
the club to everyone gaze forward.
Wow.
They catch people staring at assets.
I'm sure.
I'm sure that's distracting as fuck you.
If you're in your pose and some dude is staring at your crack.
I bet that's annoying.
If I was a chick,
I get it mixed.
It is dark in there.
Unless that's what I'm in into.
Some girls are into that.
I don't pretend they don't like it.
I hate it when people look,
you know,
it's weird.
It gives,
yeah.
God Damn it.
How dare you.
I hate it.
Your ass cheeks are hanging out the back doing downward dog.
Um,
but the,
the,
some of the dudes in the,
you know,
God bless them,
they're not in great shape and they just say fuck it during basically assumed to
gut out.
That's it.
Yeah.
This is guide that goes to my class and I admire him.
He's this old fat white guy and he has,
it looks like probably never done a sport in his life.
He might not have even ever used the stairs.
He might've just used elevators his whole life.
I mean,
he looks like he's never even thought about exercise.
Like nobody informed him what it was.
He just got behind a desk and started eating.
Then he hit like 60,
and I don't know what,
you know,
what motivated him?
I've never had a conversation with them,
but this dude is in there grinding,
grinding dirt off shirt,
off Bandana.
He wears a white Bandana.
Like the karate kid fucked up full gray,
balding,
you know,
the whole deal.
It's like the whole,
the hair is chaos and giant got and gray hair all over his stomach and his tits.
But he's in there.
He's in there grinding that fucking guys in there grinding.
You
know,
I appreciate the hustle man.
He can't do it.
If he stumbles,
gets right back up.
Try that again.
Gets to the position,
holds it,
stumbles,
gets right back up again.
Way Too vain to do any of that.
I hold the position like a mother fucker.
Like if I fall,
everyone's medical,
look at this asshole I stick with it is levels for sure of of like commitment to
a position.
Right?
For sure.
And that's the difference you see in people.
Like there's this one girl in the class that I go to,
she's Indian and a,
I think she's Indian.
She looks like she's Indian.
[inaudible]
talking to people from the country.
India.
Oh,
not native American because I am politically correct.
I don't think they like to be defined that way.
I think they like dollar men day Indian.
Okay.
You know dollar man days.
No,
no you don't.
Oh my God.
To pull up the song tunic,
tunic tune.
This guy,
there's a dude named dollar Monday.
Okay.
And he's like this Indian pop star guy and he's got at least one song.
I tried to listen to his other songs.
Dog couldn't get into my bed,
but he's got one song that was one of my all time favorites.
I don't know what the fuck big over here.
It's just got to pull up the video.
Pull up the video and show it to Brendan on this screen right here.
The one over here so we don't get kicked off of Youtube.
I hope he's awesome.
Oh my God.
Is he awesome dude,
you're not even believe this is a real dude.
Really?
You got to like the song.
I used to play this song when I worked at fear factor hold.
Let's start from the beginning.
Yes.
Don't know the music and I'm right there and then give me some volume.
Here we go.
Look at the shitty graphics.
Terrible asteroids are coming in here looking at this.
It's like fucking are tare.
Look at this dude.
Check this out.
You took the audio off.
Do you think there will close for this?
Yeah.
You take a
look at this guy.
Oh Shit.
Tell me is is to have him,
him and him in the video.
He's like,
you know what we need,
we need more of me.
I mean he's dressed in traditional Indian.
What looks like a magician's garb.
Oh,
this is full fucking at gladden up in this bill.
I often
get,
you know what I like about it?
I have no idea what he's saying.
So it's like music that you make with your mouth.
It says other songs.
Just dog shit.
I just couldn't get into them.
Maybe someone needs this.
Turn me into the right one.
I'm sure you have some other hits over there.
Gangnam style.
That one?
Yeah,
he came out with another one though.
Is it a hit?
It's pretty big.
Hit called my daddy or something.
I got it from my daddy.
Oh,
okay.
Well people,
you fucking haters out there.
One hit wonder my ass.
You know Howard stern was saying that once I was listened to him and he's
talking about that guy saying what's it going to do now?
It's like it's over for him.
I'm like,
how?
Why would you send them both?
This is the other thing,
like maybe,
maybe it's over,
but why it's the guy can do it once.
Why can't,
like what is it that makes a fucking one hit wonder?
What is it like why does someone become a one hit wonder?
Like what if you could put together like a bang and song?
Like there's a series of one hit wonders.
Like if you go to websites like the best ever one hit wonders.
But if you could put together like one of those unbelievable banging songs,
why can't you put together another one?
I don't get it.
Do you think fame fucks them up?
Like the struggle?
Uh Huh.
Definitely a lot of things.
Definitely.
That's,
that's,
but that's one ingredient in a giant poisonous stu.
A huge ingredient.
Yeah,
it's a big one.
Huge one.
It's also who wrote that song?
Like what kind of collaboration,
you know,
did the person who write that song,
did they write the rest of the songs?
True.
But a lot of times too,
like when a band gets big and they have like maybe one hit or one album and
then,
you know,
fame comes,
the tour comes,
they're busy.
Uh,
some guys feels like he needs more notoriety.
Drugs kick into play.
Drugs is a big one.
Man.
Drugs,
especially the downers,
heroin and stuff and booze kinds of just booze every night,
uh,
just slowly pulls away.
It's also,
it's just,
it gets to a point where I think they are,
they're overwhelmed.
You know,
if you are a rock star and you're on stage and you're singing songs,
there's 25,000 people out there and they're all screaming,
you would be over.
It's over.
It's probably overwhelming.
Could there be a better job though?
What Tommy,
you don't have to train that much.
You know what I'm saying?
Why don't get,
don't get me wrong.
Don't get me wrong.
You've got to practice.
But we're talking about practice.
You know what I'm saying?
We're talking about practice.
They practice.
Man.
You ever seen,
you ever go to band practice and watch those guys go over songs?
Sure.
Hats,
way harder than being a comedian.
No,
I get that anymore.
Compared to being an athlete,
like,
uh,
like look at if Jz one have tits down to his ankles and eat hamburgers all day,
he could do it and still make great music like the disciplines may be,
but you can't.
Here's the thing about being a fat fuck.
You can get famous being a fat fuck and people will love you as a fat fuck like
Biggie,
but you can't start out like snoop Dogg and den look like big and blow up.
You can't do that then you're a loser.
Okay.
You know what I'm saying?
I see what you're saying.
We can't have evidence that you used to be healthy and then you're on.
You can't celebrate that.
That's what it does.
There's rules,
there's rules,
perception.
You know the guy who doesn't give a fuck is never given a fuck.
That's why he's always been fat.
Big.
He's always been fat.
Seen.
When he was 17,
he was rapping on the corner.
This fat guy,
he's a thick.
Yeah,
he's never watched what he ate.
Not a day,
not a moment in his life.
True.
Did he go,
I shouldn't,
I shouldn't eat that.
That's his thing.
That's him.
But if you look like Tupac,
all six packed out and then you became like biggie.
No,
but what,
what other job?
And I think this is why I'm obsessed with musicians.
It's a,
it's something,
it's so,
uh,
it's something I don't understand.
It's the unknown to me.
Right,
right.
Any,
any athletic endeavor,
whatever I get at hard work talent,
but musicians to me it's so in this kind of outer space world,
cause I've,
I've never been musically gifted ever.
You know what I'm saying?
I don't get any of it.
So when I watched them,
what other job can you like?
You see like Amy Winehouse,
and these are terrible examples,
but Kurt Cobain just fucked up,
get on stage and just kill it.
You know what I'm saying?
Well,
they've been doing it so long though.
It's like a part of their memory.
You know,
they just know how to do it.
They just know how to do those songs and they get in there and they get in the
groove and the music hits them and they just go with it.
And I think that Harrell Wall heroin,
that heroin,
I think that stuff has some magical properties when it comes to music.
I don't recommend doing it.
And I don't think that's the only way to make great music.
I think it was probably some safer,
safer alternatives that also get you to a great place.
But there's so many people that did heroin that made insane music.
Man.
That's so many tons.
How many and what Amy Winehouse,
apparently it was booze was the one that killed her.
Boobs was big.
Did you see her documentary,
Amy?
Man,
that's true.
That's awesome.
That shit is amazing.
I heard it's amazing.
That's a real bummer man.
Super Bummer.
Cause she finally kind of gets sober.
I mean this isn't a fucking spoiler alert.
She,
everyone knows she's dead,
but she finally gets a sober and she's kind of doing right the right things.
And then her manager and dad are like,
Yo,
unique.
Go back on tour.
And she's like,
I'm telling you this is a bad idea man.
Cause when I'm tours,
when I want to use,
cause I hate me in a way and they put on tour and that's why I did it.
So they,
did they say she needed to go on tour because she needed money?
Is that what it was?
No,
she just had prior commitments.
They're like you owe it to him and that's when she goes on.
I think it's Germany where she's just so fucked up,
falls off state and she like forgets the word and they start booing her,
you know,
self sabotage.
Yeah.
It was horrible man.
It's so tough to watch.
We know.
It's interesting.
We had Steve O on the podcast and Steve o went through a pretty lengthy
detoxification sort of thing.
You know,
he,
he got,
he got sober and then he went through this like lengthy rehab and like at a live
in place and you know he went into great detail about it and about how long it
took him until he was like legitimately sober,
like confident,
had a good foundation.
He was like legitimately sober.
And now he tours and does all these kinds of things,
which is crazy.
Still does that sober.
Yeah.
Like to inflict that pain when he's dead sober now.
To me,
he's crazy.
He's out of his mind.
He's definitely out of his mind,
but he,
when he's doing all this,
you know,
he's,
he's like confident that he's not going to start using again.
I think when you're like someone like Amy and you're just clear of it and then
the pressure of doing those performances,
it's the temptation,
right?
Like you just can't be around it.
Like,
like a Steevo doesn't even drink.
Right.
He won't do anything.
He does any,
if he does nothing.
Nothing.
Yeah.
I
think that's how it has to be.
I don't know him.
I think everybody's got their own thing.
Like I know dudes who have had problems with booze and,
uh,
then they quit the booze and then they'll start smoking weed one day and then
like,
oh,
I can handle this.
Like,
I have friends like that and I know,
uh,
like Anthony Bourdain is famously had a problem with heroin,
but he drinks,
he drinks,
loves weed and he's fine.
He's fine.
No one,
not even remotely an alcoholic.
He doesn't drink when he's at home.
Like you could say he enjoys alcoholics and out.
He's an alcohol enthusiast.
Big Difference though.
Yeah.
He doesn't feel good around the physical addiction.
Big Difference.
Yeah.
He talks about how like when he's home,
he doesn't drink.
He just doesn't drink,
you know,
and he doesn't need it.
That's crazy discipline.
I don't think it's discipline.
I'd really,
I think there's a,
well,
I think most certainly is discipline that he chooses not to,
but it's also an ethic,
but it's also,
I think we're talking about like a physical need,
like a physical addiction and he doesn't have that,
which some people do though.
Some people do.
They get a little bit of alcohol in them and then they're fucked and they can't
stop.
Can't stop the kidney function.
I've met him.
I know.
It's true.
I know people,
I've met people like that rather.
I know.
It's true.
I know they do it.
Are you seeing who have an addictive personality?
Not Booze?
No.
No,
not at all.
What about marijuana?
No,
neither one.
I couldn't get stopped right now.
I enjoy them.
I enjoy big,
different,
but like if I go on vacation,
I don't take weed with me.
If I go away,
I'm with my family most of the time.
I don't take shit with me.
Sometimes I'll take like a breath strip for the flight,
or if I get a crazy idea and I have to write something down,
everybody's asleep.
Pop Up,
breath,
strip here.
Nothing wrong with journey.
You go on a little journey,
get creative man.
But I just say you're addicted to work though.
There's different kinds of addictions,
you know what I'm saying?
You know?
Definitely not really.
No.
I enjoyed it.
The hardest working guy.
I know,
but I enjoy it.
I get them,
but it's not addictive.
Like I quit.
I could quit all of it except comedy,
I think.
I mean,
I could do that too.
I could quit that,
but that would bump me out.
Comedy is the most fun,
but everything else,
even the most fun aspects of it,
I could walk away from like,
like what's the most fun aspect about the UFC is actually watching the fights
100%.
It's not working.
That's not the most fun aspect of it.
Like to be literally the best seat in the house.
Watching the best fighters in the world.
That is the best part of it.
But the talking part actually makes it less enjoyable.
The working part makes the fights less enjoyable.
I bet man.
Like I enjoyed the fights more when we're doing these fight companions than any
other time.
Me Too.
We're all hanging or what we're broadcasting to.
There's like this extra element because it's going out there too.
And we know people are laughing with us for sure man.
Yeah.
But whenever,
whenever I go to the fights,
when I'm physically there,
I don't have as good of a time.
I think for me,
cause you know,
I've been in there,
I get these nerves and stress and so for me,
I don't enjoy it.
So like this weekend,
I can't tell you how many times when I was at Fox,
I'll look to see you at the cycling.
I won't be there man.
I'd rather stay here and watch it.
Well,
this other thing about watching at home,
you get the angles you're seeing it from inside the cage.
Whereas from outside the cage you're looking through the fence and that's
people.
You don't consider that until you go.
Then you go,
oh,
you got to look through the fence to see the fights.
Like I've seen some of the greatest fights of all time up close,
but through a fence.
Whereas a lot of people that are watching it at home like this,
there's a thing you have to do when you're looking through a fence,
you're not focusing on the things closest to you.
You're focusing on the thing that's past you.
So you always have this peripheral distraction.
That fence is always going to be there.
Being cage side isn't the best seat.
It's the most expensive seat.
But really it's almost you almost salami in that,
that first middle tier.
So you have this view.
So you're over the cage.
Yes,
100%.
And that's especially for boxing hundred percent for boxing.
Boxing as a way better viewing,
um,
position than the UFC because um,
the rings are low and you can see every punch that lands to the face,
like super clear,
at least never an obstruction.
Whereas like even me being right there at the desk,
if someone's behind a post,
like you'll Steve,
me sometimes I have to get on top of the table.
Yeah,
get up on the table.
And I'm like looking here to make sure,
like if I need to know if like a camera's not showing me where a hand position
is.
If someone's going for a guillotine,
I don't know if they have their hands class or something.
I,
I have to physically get up and move sometimes and I'm fucking right there.
You know,
when you're at home there's,
you're,
you're watching that shit clean.
And sometimes I feel like when you're at home you're getting those best angles.
It makes the fight,
even if it was a phenomenal fight,
that much more epic cause you're seeing it.
You know what I'm saying?
It's like when your person,
it's kind of hard to kind of see it break down what you've actually seen.
When you see a clear on camera and the zoom,
the replays,
you're like holy shit.
And here a better you hear it better cause you're,
you've got a microphone inside the cage so you hear those black,
you know,
like we'll play some shots sometimes.
Like we're gonna play this back and she can hear it.
So did you get to hear like a knee slammed into someone's ribs or something like
that,
that like,
um,
Kyle Noke I think we did that in is a knockout in Australia.
That front kick to the body.
He shot this perfect front kick to the body and the dude just went,
Peter Sabata like he made this like,
like you can hear it can do nothing.
He could do it,
but you hear the slap of the ball of his foot.
Just slamming into that dude's body was like a perfect front kick telling oak
looks great.
That's the thing.
Will allow those shots when you can hit up.
Yeah,
especially heavyweights.
Oh yeah.
You're not going to hear them that good.
Inside the actual arena itself,
there's so much crowd noise is like,
unless you're right there,
it's hard to hear.
Like if you,
even when you're on the first tier,
it's hard to hear the impact with everybody yelling and all that screaming.
I don't know when I'll go to another live event.
For me it's too stressful.
Even football games still for me to go to,
but nothing of the UFC.
It's just so intense and for me it gives me these nerves being right back there.
Even hotel.
I hate staying in hotels because of the stress of flight week.
Hawaii.
I hate it as town.
When Collin,
I go on the road,
I always look for an airbnb house because I hate hotels.
Why did I get super stressed?
I get anxiety and that in that rough,
oh,
you want to go on vacation with me?
No,
or I really don't.
I know it's an issue.
That's funny.
I know,
man.
That's a weird issue.
Yeah,
it is.
The thing about being there live though is the energy in the room that you get
where it's like,
it feels like history.
Like there's been some fights where I was at or I was like taking it all in and
I'm like,
wow.
I just witnessed some history.
Like when Weidman knocked out Anderson,
I remember when like when Andersen went down and Weidman was just playing
basketball with his head pop boom,
ba boom Ba boom and it was sinking in.
Oh my God,
Anderson is fucking out cold.
This is real.
Like it didn't seem real until you know how when like something that's truly
spectacular like that happens.
It almost doesn't seem real as it's going on.
Looks like a video game.
Yeah.
Well especially because Anderson had beaten everybody for so long.
We had got it in our head that Anderson wins.
Anderson beats everybody.
Anderson beat Steph and bottom.
It looked like he was going to lose the chill sign.
It throws up that triangle and catches them.
Anderson beats this guy.
Anderson knocks out veto with a front kick and then you see that Chris Weidman
left hook,
just [inaudible] just call rank on his chin and then you see Anderson's eyes
roll back and you're like,
your brain is trying to process it.
Like,
am I seeing this?
Is this real?
And then he's down and I'm like,
then I remember whatever fucking voices I make.
Like,
Oh,
oh.
And then Weidman's on tall ball,
boom,
boom.
And they stopped the fight.
I go,
oh my God,
like you just realized this.
I just see this.
I think there's,
there's no other live sporting event better than a good solid UFC fight.
There's no better live event.
Like this weekend you'll see one 94 obviously it's sold out,
but that will be the best live event to go to.
Yeah,
there's not far.
There's nothing.
Nothing.
Now on the other end of that,
if it's a sleeper,
if it's a rough night,
it is the worst event to go to.
If they're all decisions like all in there,
it's a long night.
It gets really boring.
It can get boring.
Yes,
completely.
I mean that's like anything,
but it's tough man.
You know what I think is a tough thing when they have fights in high altitude,
you know like unless you got all Colorado guys and Albuquerque guys and they're
fighting in Denver like shit man.
Who the fuck thought to put mark cut and Ben Rothwell in Denver,
sign him up for Denver.
And then how about this?
They then they go put Mark Hunt with Fabricio in Mexico City,
which is 2000 feet above dental and you give them like a six day notice and he's
300 pounds and he almost won talking about that.
Well Warrior came out in the first round,
almost won,
you know,
and then comes out and the steep imulitic fight out of shape,
gets beaten down in that fight.
And then,
oh my God,
great,
fantastic shape.
He didn't even have to cut any weight at all to be to 65 I saw,
they just announced the Verdugo a cane February 8th or seventh it's the
Superbowl weekend.
That's when Jamie does all gambling.
Look at him.
I hear that a island was data football game.
Look,
it's crazy.
Gets Scrooge McDuck
but did they announce where that fights at?
Is it Vegas?
Vegas fight for sure.
I couldn't imagine being anywhere else a fight like that.
That's a big fight.
This is going to be a lot of bedding unless it's in Brazil.
Don't,
don't honey Dick Cain and make them go to Brazil.
Let's let them,
let's keep them in Vegas man.
And man would cane is one of my favorite all time fighters.
However,
he's not the champion anymore.
The champions for breezy over doom and it felt Barista over doing what's a fight
in Brazil.
And what if he's only going to have one fucking title fight ever.
Who knows?
Hey,
homeboy as Holly Holm out is to be a champ.
They said,
hey,
real quick call.
Uh,
just a reminder.
You ain't shit.
You're going to fight when Rhonda is ready.
So we're going to do it in July.
How rude.
Tell me about it.
I didn't make this decision.
I'm just saying the champ really.
A lot of times,
unless your name's Conor Mcgregor,
Ronda Rousey,
you don't have shit to say.
Well,
it is such a different scenario than it is in boxing.
But in boxing there are some parallels like you saw Tyson fury beat Vladimir
Klitschko.
Did she that bizarre fight?
Like it's almost a shit out of him.
But Vladimir Klitschko like forgot how to box.
He,
I think age caught up with him overnight.
He looked like pure shit.
Tyson,
it's tough to fight man.
It's tough.
He's undefeated.
He's not,
but he's,
but he's on the feed.
He's taller than Klitschko.
He's very awkward.
He didn't really respect him.
He was playing these games.
I don't know.
It looked like something's wrong with clutch,
goes right hand did it.
He didn't throw anything you through nothing.
I think he was worried he couldn't get the shit and talking shit.
Talking got to him.
The guy who constantly talked shit fuck with his emotions,
you know?
And I think he goes,
who's all wound up tight?
I think that's a big,
big issue with fighters.
You'd be issue even with Klitschko though.
He's been through in the last 10 years.
Doesn't matter.
That kind of shit.
Talking that kind of disrespectful shit.
Talking [inaudible] fucked Saturday.
All those,
a different guy because I think all day Klitschko yes.
You're talking about an Olympic gold medalist.
Yes.
But Klitschko has been a guy that they have labeled as a guy who has issues with
mental toughness.
He got knocked out by Corey.
What the fuck is his name?
I want to say Corey Anderson.
What the hell?
No,
not Corey Anderson.
Um,
the South African guy knocked him out.
Lamont Brewster knocked him out to Brewster guys knocked him out and you know,
the guys were saying like that he had issues with mental toughness.
That was the rap on him.
This is not my opinion.
This is the,
this is like the boxing insiders that knew him from the gym would say these
things.
And that was one of the things that they brought up in this fight that Tyson
fury believed from talking to people that trained with Klitschko to manual with
the manual Stewart that Klitschko could be broken and he could be bullied.
He could be fucked with,
you can get inside his head,
you know,
was his name was the first guy.
No one's been able to do it for 10 years.
Yeah.
I mean,
you look,
you,
I grew up jab,
both these boys.
Any fights there tonight that Anthony Joshua Guy from me,
I'm telling you,
man,
did you look this kid off?
Yeah,
he looks terrifying dog.
And you know who everybody's ducking Shannon Briggs.
They really are.
They don't want none of that.
I mean,
he's older,
but yeah,
he's,
he's 43 years old,
but he is still packing some serious fucking power.
A hunter.
But he's got it.
He's got a wicked left hook to the body.
He's got asked like skillful delivery of punches that is unparalleled in that
division.
I think if you watched the way he delivers combinations,
he can deliver a one too vicious left hook to the body that there's not a lot of
guys in that division could do and go crap.
I know,
but it's hard to sell a 43 year old.
Yeah,
it is being your chance Corey Sanders.
That's who it is.
Thank you.
Um,
pull up,
uh,
the last fight,
Shannon Briggs,
last fight,
dude,
he's fighting a guy who does not deserve to be in the ring with him,
right?
He's a former world champion and the one time it was like one of the,
the biggest prospects in the heavyweight division,
but he hits this dude with a one to like a gentle been too and that just popped
some on the left hook left hook to the liver and the guy goes,
it's body just crumbles.
It's the way he delivers it.
Like there's a fluidity to his left.
Look like Nikki Holtzclaw you ever seen Nicky holds control that left hook.
Oh die.
The best left took in the world.
That left hook is a goddamn thing of beauty.
It's from the heavens.
Dwayne Nikki throws it too.
It's like he,
he gets you thinking about these head punches and that snap up.
He just snaps it in.
Like why didn't the pocket and that liver shot?
Oh No,
they are not to go back then.
But you know they took Tyson furious title away cause that's where I was going
to say.
Yeah,
that's what I was going to say.
Like in MMA,
you can't really,
you can't look at it that way.
Watch,
well,
I guess we're going to see a replay,
but why don't you bring it back to the beginning.
Jamie's to go watch from the beginning.
Oh,
breaks is Jackson.
Well,
let's,
can we go to the beginning of the video?
Just go all the way to the beginning.
There you go.
Right to the beginning.
But look at this.
That's it.
That's exactly what I was looking for and do that again.
Putting that again.
Put that again,
but just watched the fluidity pop up.
Watch this.
Come on,
son.
Nasty pop,
pop.
And then that left hook under the arm couple.
Who the fuck who boxes?
Like Kim in the heavyweight division?
I would say one more time.
Do that thing from the beginning.
Look at that.
You know that the whipping fluidity to his punches.
You know,
like he's got like this real refined style of punching do it.
He's going to struggle with a younger guy like that,
that Joshua or Dante wilder though.
I'm not going to sit there.
That's true.
They're going to push a hard pace.
They're going to get in his face,
fight,
fighting guts.
He got straight off the bus and look at this sun.
Yeah,
that's nasty.
But you know,
he had a hard time with vitality.
Klitschko Vitali Klitschko beat him up.
But I don't know if he was working as hard back then as he was now.
He's sort of like a reborn.
He wanted kind of a guy.
Yeah.
You know,
good for him,
man.
He's got all these motivational videos online too.
Like he's an interesting guy.
I'm going to take these.
I am too.
I want to see him get a shot before he's too old.
He always 43 tough man dude.
Especially with Tyson.
Fury would be some wild shit that would be a wild ass fight.
Him and uh,
Deontay wilder.
There'll be another wild fight.
Dude.
I'm trying to see Deontay wilder and that Joshua Guy.
Yeah,
that'd be interesting to put boxing.
Not Right.
And it takes forever for anything to work out.
Did you see Canelo Alvarez?
Yes.
Miguel Cotto.
How good at Alvarez look?
Jesus Christ.
He looked good.
He looked good to me.
He's not the savior,
like he's not the Mexican savior that we're all looking for.
And he could have been yet.
He could yet.
I,
if I'm,
if I'm Canelo's camp,
you're not fighting triple g next.
We're not doing that.
That's a bad idea.
As a fan I'm like fuck yeah.
Fight.
You know what the problem with a triple g fight is as an as like if I was a
promoter,
I would say that guy only sold 145,000 paper views in his last fight.
Like nobody knows who the fuck he is.
He's dangerous as fuck.
Dangerous as fuck.
And if you're going to have that fight,
that should be maximized.
I agreement Floyd and Manny,
they almost missed the boat,
right?
Cause Floyd or they missed the boat.
Well they kind of did,
but they still,
they still hit it pretty God damn hard.
It was the biggest fight.
Big.
I'm just saying it could have been bigger if they did two years ago.
They got lucky and they pulled it back once [inaudible] came back and won some
fights through and look really good.
But if you look at that division right now,
you know like if you look at like if you look at Canelo's fight with Floyd,
you know that was like a good fight for canola to learn.
He's like really young.
He's trying to figure it out for them too much.
Maybe more mainstream.
Yeah.
But if you look at like Gennady Golovkin is a totally different kind of a guy.
He's like,
he's a dangerous,
he's right now,
he's ready to go.
He's ready to fight anyone in the world and beat him right now.
Can is not at that stage.
He might be though sync.
Yeah,
I'm just to older Cotto yeah,
but he looked good.
He looked good.
He was showing all kinds of skills that he hadn't shown before that counter
uppercut snacks.
He was doing a lot of nasty stuff in there.
Amazing.
Any fucking hits hard.
He scares guys cause he doesn't throw a lot of half speed stuff.
He doesn't want to start off.
Yeah.
It's just,
it's an assault,
you know,
and you feel that like that pressure right off the beginning.
Like he puts this pressure on Codo and that pressure is always there.
It's a part of the fight.
It's like his power and his,
his presence,
they,
they are an added element that that cocoa has to consider that he didn't have to
consider with Kodo Kodo,
he had a mind,
his p's and q's.
He had a huge good defense and you know,
he had a,
he had a stay on it,
but he's really only dealing with a left hook.
Kodo really never hurts guys that bad was right hand,
but he has gotten very,
very nasty left took,
but he's really been fighting smaller guys.
Just say he's a lot smaller than codas thing.
Even if he was landing Canela didn't respect you.
Just walk through it.
Canelo is like probably a buck 70 when he's walking around.
Tiny.
I've done stuff.
I've done Canelo or Kodo.
Kodo Kodo is so totally,
I've done campaigns or that guy and he is tiny.
What is he like five five five six five six by any ways.
One 55 in shape,
right?
Yes.
Yeah.
And Canelo cuts down and then probably gets in the one seven seventies.
Right.
He's a big boy.
Big Boy.
Bigger for that week.
And that's why Floyd wanted to catch weight.
Fight with him radically.
Yeah.
And that's why they did a catch weight with Kodo and Canelo.
Yes.
See what you got to weaken that kid,
you know,
weakened them to get them down there.
See,
but the thing I do like about boxing is by the time these guys reached their
potential,
they've had like 20 or 30 fights.
You know what I'm saying?
Like they've had a lot of experience.
They're ready for that next step.
Exactly.
And the UFC,
we don't have that.
Right,
exactly.
I just don't have that.
And like look at page in a Rose Rose I think is what three and two or some shit
like them and their headliner.
Yeah.
It's tough man.
Well that's also the women's division is a little bit less experienced.
Not a little,
a lot less experienced in the men's division.
There's that.
That's a bad example.
But like,
uh,
at least sage Northcutt like,
I mean you want to talk about a mismatch.
Is this fight?
How dare you?
What's that face?
How he's out there.
His mom's out go deers.
Parents are watching him.
I know sage is going to kick his head off.
I mean not find is tailor made for him.
We'll see.
But,
but,
but I'm just saying it's a good,
it's,
I'm not saying it's easy files.
Youtube videos.
Cody Pfister on top ground shout in the 32nd jobs like fuck me.
Oh I know right?
Oh there you go.
Shop Way to go.
Shit man.
You didn't call the Rhonda Fight Heather.
I'm just saying I like this step for sage.
Like it's a good progression in his career.
He's in a deep,
deep,
deep.
He has joy is in Shitty word,
jacked,
jacked and shredded.
Cause he's like some new thing.
He doesn't have any fat,
has no fat and he sold his healthy.
I've got to think they're like some fat is probably like good for your body.
It's good for cardio too.
Yeah.
It's good for your cardio.
It's also like,
depending on what your body's using for fuel truck,
what are you using for fuels your body using fat or is your body using glucose
cause you're not getting any glucose in a five round fight.
I look at this boy,
I mean he looks like he's been the lead singer of a boy band right now.
Somebody on their underground,
I forget what the exact quote that he looks like.
I'm going to butcher this because I don't have it in front of me.
But they said something like he looked like a boy band fucked in American Eagle.
Whoever that is a trend that,
I'm sorry I didn't get the crew kids just shred it.
Yeah.
I think you said something like someone from insync fuck to an American Eagle.
Yeah,
it's true.
Yeah.
I mean I told him,
yeah,
I mean fuck so long.
Do you think he can keep pussy away?
Cause it's gotta be like a swarm of malaria written mosquitoes flying into his
hell.
Tell about every fucking white girl wants to get with it.
And he's saying he's at Texas A.
And.
M.
I
don't know if you've ever seen the smoke shows at a and m cause my favorite girl
did the best lesson.
Yeah.
Salmon.
Australians.
Yeah.
Austria on the get wild.
I just feel like homeboy is going to have to break at some point.
But you know what's weird is that,
do you see the article on his dad?
I heard but I didn't,
I didn't bother digging in because I figured,
you know what?
I don't even want to read this.
I mean it's just his dad has,
you know,
apparently a dark past that has nothing to do with him.
They just assume that his dad has this weird past that sage is on some shit.
I don't think so.
The kids to say the Patchouli.
What is the path?
A path.
I think you went to prison for 10 plus years for uh,
selling steroids and other stuff and cocaine,
right?
Yes.
Yeah.
Well that's a good combination if you want to be really angry and strong,
especially if in,
especially in pride,
it's a hell of a drug.
I think you win a belt.
Yeah.
I hope it doesn't have anything to do with him.
I hope it's doubt.
I'm sure.
Come on.
He's just a freak man.
Could be,
you know.
Well he's also been training since he was five and the,
you know,
here's the thing about steroids.
You need a lot more than that to look like that.
To be that a bleeding.
That's genetics.
It's genetics and it's insane work.
Yes.
There's just no way around it.
I'd say more genetics than anything.
100% his age at genetics.
A strict diet for the majority of his life.
I mean he's been eating like lean chicken and like he,
he details like what he eats really been at.
Yeah.
I mean he's in college too,
so I'm sure after this fight he's fuck and he's balls deep into polars don't
think he is man.
You don't think so?
I think he's one of those guys.
Those guys are tough to hang.
Those are scary.
Whoa.
Look at him.
He's got this like fucking does glow this like,
yeah,
everything is amazing.
You know,
you ask things like kill coming out.
Like he has no idea.
He's never seen anything dark in his life.
Did you see him dead lifts,
Dark Shit.
500 pounds or some shit?
Does he really?
He like looks at the camera.
He's like,
hey,
everybody here's just like change sets it down.
While we were waiting for these guys to start showing up,
these guys who's who had been a project by some overzealous father who has a
martial arts background and attacks the kids.
Yeah,
Mama let you don't want that guy.
You know what I'm saying?
Maybe it did in the eighties tat tap in the 90s when did tab,
I'll start.
If you've got a tablet shirt in like 98 I'll accept it and he's watching just
rich Franklin is that white shot.
Look at him.
Look.
He's like,
Hey,
there you go.
check this out everyone.
Yeah,
that's real.
Look.
Hey,
that guy lifted 500 pounds like it's nothing do I don't know how much that is.
It looks like a shitload though.
That's a lot of weight.
I don't know who that is.
That sticking her ass out.
Holy Moly.
Oh yeah.
That's a strong fucker.
He's a,
he's definitely talented and he's got a lot of techniques to,
and he's really good at transitioning between striking and grappling.
But when I was going to say when we were,
we were on this long,
circuitous route,
is that someone like a Holly Holm is not in a position like a Tyson furious or
Tyson fury can say,
fuck it.
I don't want to fight this Russian capital on.
Let me finish,
let me finish.
[inaudible] he's,
he can say Tyson fury could say,
I don't want to fight this rush and do and they will fuck it.
We're stripping you the title.
He's like,
whatever,
bitch.
I know I'm still the champ.
Everybody knows I'm the champ.
I just beat Vladimir Klitschko.
Fuck you.
Like he can do that and get away with it and he can go to Bob Arum or he can go
to ta,
you know,
golden boy or the money team.
You know what I mean?
There's all these different promoters,
Floyd Mayweather,
different promoters there.
We'll put on excellent fights that are bing pay per view events that HBO can
show.
That's the difference with the UFC.
It's the UFC.
There's one game in town,
so if Holly Holm says,
you know what,
um,
I'm not waiting for Ronda Rousey.
I'm fighting Misha Tate.
Put the fucking fight together.
Can't do it.
Really is I disagree,
but this is what I'm saying.
How is she,
how can she,
she what I'm saying and say you don't give me a fight before then come July,
I'm not doing shit.
Oh,
and your biggest payday.
I'm not doing anything.
You can't do that because,
because she's got a contract.
I'm sure she has a contract and I wish I can't find her.
I don't know what the contract says.
When you're the champion,
do you,
I would assume that it says something.
They must have to get it in writing in some way that you're obligated to defend
your title against a challenger of their choosing.
I assume.
Okay.
If I was going to run a promotion but the UFC and fine,
I'm just saying if,
if,
let's say if I'm John Jones or if I'm wrong,
look at Rhonda is calling the shots.
My man,
I don't know if you guys realize Rhonda is basically,
listen,
I have this movie here.
I need to fight here.
That's how this is going down.
Okay,
let me correct and I'm saying with Holly,
let me correct you guys.
This is not,
that's not what's going on.
What's going on is a number.
That number is 200 UFC 200 who want to make it the biggest fucking UFC the world
has ever known.
They're already advertising it.
Okay.
You'll see these big,
like big images just comes on July,
2016 UFC 200 there's no other number.
Hold on.
There's no other number that's like that,
that they're looking towards this thing.
Then there's also this gigantic arena that's opening up in Vegas in April,
so they know that that's where they're going to do it and they know they're
going to do it in July.
So this is what's motivating.
You.
Don't get that Joe,
if you don't think that they're the ones that are guiding this to July and not
Rhonda guarantee you it's them.
I'm not saying that.
I'm saying previously before Rhonda has been able to,
with movies and everything decided when she fights.
Yeah.
Well not now though.
No,
not now.
This is whatever.
I don't know how if their jaws messed up or what would this now?
No,
I'm just saying if I'm Holly,
she has more power than she thinks.
Yes and no cause.
Cause if someone was out that long cause the long time,
you know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
But,
but from a business standpoint,
I'm with Dana White.
That fight has happened.
You can't have Holly fight.
Anyone else?
See I disagree.
Really?
Yup.
Yeah.
I disagree.
Tell watch how many paper views Holly versus Meesha cells.
Okay.
Listen,
first of all,
this is what I think.
This is my personal opinion.
All right.
This is just,
there's just,
you're crazy to not have more than one superstar.
Okay.
And I think Holly has the legit possibility of being a superstar.
Legit.
She has everything going for,
she's a preacher's daughter.
She is very well spoken.
She's very calm and she's got a great personality and she's sweet and people
root for her.
And in the face of all the craziness and the trash talking,
the Meta obligations and the pressure,
she showed character and she never cracked.
And when she got in there,
she performed like a world class fighter.
I grew,
became the new champion.
That's a potential superstar.
Okay.
We're sure.
And if Ron is going to be out for this long amount of time,
why Russia?
Why?
Right?
I mean if July.
Okay,
you're talking about July,
right?
We're in December,
January,
February,
March,
April,
May,
June,
July seven months.
She just said in an interview that she's not gonna be able to eat an apple for
six months.
Forget about taking impact.
So how is that going to happen in July and have her be at our optimum?
How is it going to happen?
I don't know this,
but I don't know what the,
I don't know who I'm talking to.
Anybody.
I don't know.
But this is my personal opinion.
Okay.
Holly Holm could be a fucking monster.
She could be a monster and she could be a,
I'm a monster on the level of any champion in combat sports,
any champion in the UFC.
She can.
If Holly Holm just goes onto dominate the way Rhonda dominated and we all know
that she knocked Rhonda out.
If she gets in there and fights,
fill in the blank,
fill in whatever girl's name,
the head kicks her into oblivion.
Okay,
on television,
everybody's like,
Holy Shit,
we got a new one.
Rhonda didn't become Rhonda immediately.
She became Rhonda with a series of spectacular victory.
Holly Holm strings,
a few of those together.
You've got another gigantic dynamo.
Then when Ron does ready to come back and she's 100% healed and healthy and has
made some corrections and really worked on fixing whatever holes were exposed
during her game,
then you have this moment monumental fucking super fight and if Misha wins,
then you've got a crazy fucking love triangle here.
Seat dot this and this all sounds great.
I'm saying low because this all sounds great in less Holly and Meesha fight or
Holly fight Cyborg and she loses your biggest payday,
goes outside,
goes out the window cause she knows.
She's saying she's not going to make one 35 Oh fuck,
fuck.
Let's just look at look,
say Misha.
Misha.
Okay.
If me show wins.
If Meesha beats Holly Holm and then me,
she wants a fight round Rhonda again,
your mind.
You're good.
You're crazy.
What the fuck?
What is she?
What does she join?
The fight standing announced strikes her.
They've already fought twice.
That's true.
You're telling me that's been a company that's going to break records.
Meet painting would be an interesting fight.
No,
no,
no.
I didn't ask that.
You can be an issue soon.
Frank records.
I don't know if it'll break records to break records.
Holly.
Yes,
Rhonda is your money fight,
but if Holly you got,
I think the long game is if Holly gets even better,
if she gets even more recognition and Rhonda fully heals up and you also give a
chance for Misha Tate to take that tea.
You've when you run a risk,
but I think even if we should take beats Holly and they have a three mount round
rematch between or a five round main event rematch.
Non title fight of me has got the strap and Holly and Ronda go at it in a five
rounder.
That shit would still be bananas.
Gigantic.
I agree.
Everybody makes money.
You get more superstars to get the more,
more like high level like marquee matchups.
But don't you think that,
because I don't think [inaudible] has three or four fights left in her.
So this whole round Robin,
he said,
because she said,
if I lose the Holly,
I'm gonna retire.
So by even saying if I fight Holly and I lose,
I'm going to retire.
She said No.
She said that in a recent interview that's on this.
If I were to lose the Holly,
I'm done.
I retire.
Wow.
Yeah.
I'm not making that up.
So when,
as soon as someone says if this were to happen,
I'm going to retire.
That means you're already thinking about the end of the road.
So there's going to be no round Robin.
So the short game and the big payday in the short scheme is Rhonda Holly.
So I get the July wait,
I'm just saying it sucks for Holly.
I was the only person that loses in this is Holly.
I think.
I think July is a,
is going to be tricky if Rhonda is,
tell him if she's honest or if she's accurate rather about how long it's going
to take her to heal up.
Well Shit,
y'all ask him cleared.
She just got cleared.
But she also did an interview where she said she's not gonna be able to eat an
apple.
I know.
That's what I don't understand.
Well that's what I'm saying.
She's also staying with uh,
uh,
I forget his name now.
Fucking a homeboy Edmunds staying with Edmund too.
So that's another thing.
So she's staying with Edmond and this is the issue.
What do you think she should go?
I have no idea if I,
if I had a plan,
I would tell you Joe.
But she has to get better and I think that everyone's doing her a disservice.
Including Dana White,
including Edmund saying you just had,
you've been so busy.
All this stress cause all it is Rhonda,
Rhonda,
can we give Holly the credit?
Say Holly,
just better man.
And for Rhonda to beat her,
she has to get better and striking.
That's the only way she's going to beat her.
If you think she's going to beat her by grappling and you're full of shit,
it's not going to happen.
So to fight in July and she's shooting a movie really,
and she stayed with the same trainer,
why do you think the outcome's going to be different?
Well,
it could,
well,
first of all,
I disagree that she couldn't beat her in grappling.
I think it's very possible that she could catch her with something.
It's very possible.
That can be a screen possible and she can catch her hundred percent is possible.
Why you say it's not then I'm seeing the chances of her beating Holly is because
her only chance to grapple.
Right,
right.
Okay.
So let's say that doesn't work again and we're back to stand up.
So why would you think of continuing what you're doing is going to be any
different.
But when you say she has a distinct advantage in grappling,
if he goes down there and he goes down there,
right,
but when you say that like grappling for a few years,
100% Holly has never been taken down.
Well she was down in this fight but it was really,
she was on top.
She took Rhonchi.
She took Rhonda Down in the one time where Rhonda was going for the arm bar.
Ronda was on the bottom.
Um,
but theoretically,
I mean at least if you looked at the two of them in terms of just raw grappling,
you would have to think that Rhonda has got a much higher level hunt over game.
Right.
100% if she didn't get tagged the way she got tagged in that fight,
it is a big,
if it's a giantF ,
it's almost if you take away,
if you take away Holly's phenomenal striking.
Yeah,
we then,
then you don't know.
You don't have to take away,
are striking.
You just have to avoid it.
You have to figure out a way to avoid it.
And one of the ways to avoid is not go head on.
Like you look at the rate Raquel Pennington fight where cal fought a much more
conservative fight with Holly and that was a different division.
It's different demeanor.
You're talking about foot work angles.
Yeah,
less aggressive that's not bonded.
Got this famous.
It's true,
but,
but that doesn't mean anything.
It's like what do you have to do to win to forget about what got you famous,
what do you,
what's the best tactical technical approach to fighting someone who is as
talented as is Holly and do,
do you have that?
Do you have that skillset in seven months?
That's a good question.
Do you have the skillset to get great footwork,
avoid Holly striking,
get her down to the ground.
And we know that there's only a couple ways to develop the kind of movement that
she's going to have to get.
And one of those is sparring 100% like you're going to have to spar.
So you're going to have to be able to get hit.
And if you have five,
six months where you can't get it,
I mean,
who knows?
She might have overestimated that.
They might like look at it again a couple months,
might heal up quick.
Maybe there's some things they can do to help it heal up.
Who knows?
Who knows.
If she saved,
she was fine.
If she's fine now,
I didn't have any teeth problems,
didn't have any of that.
Like how long do you think she should wait before she starts getting hit?
After a vicious flatline head kick knockouts from one of the best kickboxers in
the female bantamweight division.
Right.
I mean it's just the perfect world that she's the,
actually,
let's call her the best between her and Jermaine.
Rhonda May,
who's a very outstanding Moitai champion where multiple time world champion,
but she hasn't been as successful in MMA,
but she is a nasty,
sweet guys.
Strike that was actually that.
It's actually an interesting matchup.
Her and Holly,
phenomenal,
phenomenal matchup.
If more people knew who Ronda may is,
it would be really be a very interesting fight to set up,
but I think that man,
that level,
the level of kickboxing is a very dangerous hurt.
Her head kicks that she hides behind those punches.
You go back and watch Holly's early fights,
she gets those hands in front of you and that's phenomenal.
That from the left high kick comes out of nowhere.
In a perfect world,
I would say probably six months without any contact,
six months without any context can do that though.
That's a smart move.
Can't do that.
If you're fighting,
it's seven months.
Well,
shouldn't it always be in a perfect mood or in a perfect world and it shouldn't.
Like if there's outside pressures,
the outside pressure,
they should stay.
They should stop and think about what the fuck they're doing.
I really believe that I should say,
I think they should make sure,
look,
if Rhonda is going to perform at her best,
you should have everything lined up so you know she's good to go before anything
gets set up,
everything should be lined up well.
I agree.
Everything should be lined up.
There should be no,
again,
we're talking about a morass.
We haven't talked to Rhonda.
We don't know what or no idea.
This is from an intervention in it and for people.
Thomas,
I mean I tried to avoid this shit,
but uh,
did you see the other thing she said in the interview that she was out from the
first punch nine and see that she did,
she got cracked by that first punch and she's basically had no records,
tribal instincts to know.
But is that is,
how does she know that?
Here's the thing,
do when you get head kick like that,
right?
You forget a lot of things.
Your memory becomes this weird blur of events.
It's very hard to discern exactly what things took place in what order after
you've been head kick like that.
You know,
like if you,
like you had fights like the Var Johnson fight.
Perfect example.
You fought a fucking scary dude and you fall super smart.
You got in on that motherfucker and you took him down over and over again.
You controlled that.
You controlled the fight,
you control the perfectly.
So you got out of that fight with a perfect recollection of how it went down.
Right.
But you've had fights before where after the fight,
like Groin Nelson Fight Roy Nelson,
uh,
Cro cop,
even though I wasn't a croak up fight,
when I look back on like what?
Like someone get,
someone was telling me how I took him down like I did.
I don't remember that.
Yeah.
The Travis Brown fight.
I thought it was the upper cut that really fucked me up.
But it was when I went for a take down,
he sprawled,
I land on my neck.
I remember that when I was really fucked up cause Atlanta my neck and it
rattled,
rattled me.
Tj grant got his concussion.
So exact way.
Yeah.
People don't realize that.
Like,
you know,
when two guys are shooting,
what won't got shooting for take down with the guys trying to defend that hip to
the face as super common.
Super Common.
Belle rive very rarely watch my fights back.
And then I watched this,
the,
the uh,
the trash brown fight pilot,
I don't know,
right after the fight.
And,
uh,
I watch,
I'm like,
Oh,
I'm not the same guy.
So you got him rattled,
you got rattled and then you've got rattled again with the punch.
Yeah.
So one,
two,
after it routed me,
then I can watch my movement and um,
I'm real slow and our whole game plan was to avoid getting back to the cage.
I go straight back to the cage and hands down.
Oh Wow.
That's not mean.
We trained 12 weeks to avoid that.
Yeah.
Hey,
trauma man,
him trauma.
So in a perfect world grounded,
it's,
it's six months and um,
you know,
it's six months.
I wonder what a neurologist would say.
Me Too.
You know,
someone who really understands head trauma from like a physical,
like just te,
te,
just breaking it down to the actual physical components of the brain and all the
connective tissue and what kind of damage was done.
And you look at it with an MRI and you find look for inflammation and what,
what are the issues?
I agree.
I think a caching,
I'll tell you this though,
if there's anyone who can pull it out of her ass and get a win with that amount
of time at six months with that schedule,
it's Ronda Rousey with her tenacity and everyone's saying,
oh,
she should have left camp for her.
That's,
that's fire for the fuel.
So for her,
I think fuel for the fire,
fuel for the fire my back,
she's gonna,
she's gonna use that and really take it to another level,
which is scary,
but same time,
is that the best way to go?
I don't think so.
It is interesting in the UFC as opposed to other combat sports where the in
other corn bed spores,
the champion is in the driver's seat.
Like Roy Jones Jr.
When Roy Jones Jr was the champ of the world,
there was a Roy Jones show.
Okay.
He was in the goddamn driver's seat and everybody else just,
you got to wait with your fucking warm wet towel to wash his balls and someone
else got to be there with a towel to dry them off.
Like this is the Roy Jones Jr show.
Okay,
whoever wants it,
is it HBO?
Is it pay per view?
But they're lining up to see Roy Jones.
It's not the agree,
the WBC,
you know,
WBC boxing.
It didn't mean that he could have thrown those fucking belts in the trash and
fought everybody and we'd still,
nobody would care.
Nobody would care.
I think.
I think with Holly it's tough cause she,
she has this tremendous skill set and she's such a good person,
but you know,
it's kind of like the Chris Weidman effect.
They're so damn good.
But now we see the Conor McGregor and the Ronda Rousey's like Holly,
right?
Rhonda is on the WHO and I took all the seat cause I said,
I don't think there's any other girl who can carry up paper view main event like
Rhonda right now.
There's just not going to happen.
So I get all this heat and I know you disagree a little bit.
I got all the seat.
But uh,
Holly beat Ronda,
right?
Holly on top of the world,
Holly's done on the front cover.
You have to be in the magazine.
Holly's not doing interviews like lemon,
but it just happened.
It just happened.
I'm just saying.
Yeah,
but this is just is just,
this just happened.
Holly is now the thing in MMA.
She's the number one story.
No,
no,
no.
That's not true.
She's the number one story.
No wrong girl.
The girl knocked out.
Rhonda is the number one story because she's the winner in this.
I disagree.
I disagree with you because she's the winner in this.
Jesus' successor.
She might not be as famous as Rhonda,
but she's got the momentum.
She's the winner.
She's the one right now.
Who's the champion?
She's the one night now that people like,
wow,
what a fucking performance by Holly Holm eyes are on her now as far as creating
a brighter,
I think all eyes are on Rhonda.
Can't she bounce back from this?
All this stuff.
There's going to be two way more than that.
Ronda lost in that fight.
Holly One whop really is the story right now.
She's the winter other than Aldo and McGregor and for the hardcore fans,
why been and Rockhold Holly Holm is the fucking story.
She's story.
I agree.
She should be in my eyes.
She's the story.
I agree.
She should get more notoriety than anyone right now.
I think that,
and I think if marketed correctly,
she has the potential to be fucking gigantic.
Could she be as big as Rhonda is Rhonda as big as she is because she's an
antagonist and she's big as she is because she's the person who says all that
crazy shit fucks with girls and you know she's got that fucking,
you know,
attitude about her and comes out to that Joan Jett song and was beaten girls
acids and was pulling it off.
Is that what it was?
Check,
check,
check.
When a Holly Holm comes along and shows you an alternative approach and an
approach that ultimately is more successful against that one person who we have
one fight and other,
that white fight,
one fight between the two of them.
Holly's flawless,
right?
Flawless performance.
Why doesn't make any sense?
I mean is there a,
we do we have a limited amount of fucking superstars?
Is there a limited amount of female champs that becomes huge,
I think.
No,
I think Holly has all the ingredients.
She does not,
it's not gonna be the same kind of star because I doubt there'll be as many
people who hate her,
but that hate also fueled pay per view buys people that were happy when Ronda
lost,
there's all this extra reality TV shit that's going on with a Ronda Rousey's.
She crossed over to the pop culture so everyone was chiming in,
crossed over,
not,
I mean like it.
She became like this cultural icon globally.
She became a big and the first woman ever that was like this ass kicker like
that that looked like her.
There's never been one of those.
I agree.
So Holly comes along,
he's going to be a difference.
Yes.
Kind of star told she can be a big star.
I think Holly's going to be a big star.
She's not going to be Rhonda stuff.
She's,
I can't get the paper.
Even numbers like Rhonda,
I don't know about that man.
You might.
Hopefully I'm wrong.
I'm wrong.
I think Callie's the greatest thing that happened to lose division in a long,
long time,
but she's a great person.
And if I had a daughter,
I can point to Hallington that you can act like her.
This is good.
I agree.
Again,
we can't say that for a very long time.
Right?
I agree 100% she's a classic example of like an honorable mixed martial arts
competitors.
What you want,
she's interested in martial artist and she acts like a true champion.
Yes.
Trupro I think that with the right fights she could be gigantic.
So this is her mainstream what?
Coming out party,
right?
She knocks out Ronda Rousey,
this giant upset this huge performance.
She looks spectacular.
This is a coming out party and then she find someone else.
You don't necessarily have to have this rematch right away and I think this also
sets the seeds up for other people to get attention.
Like tats in Ghana who knocked out Meisha Tate.
Remember that fucking fight 10 Zingano didn't charge after Ronda like that would
have cat was able to stuff to take down and turn that fight into a fucking Bra.
Who knows what fight we missed out on because cat decided to throw out a crazy
flying the worst game plan of all time in UFC sheet.
She probably meant that to you 100% sure,
but she is a fucking bad ass.
Hell yeah.
She grows up fat ass suit.
That fight with me should take when she hits her with that overhand elbow lack,
I mean,
oh see she's nasty.
I think in they're all so close in the women's division at one 35 I think
Callie's going to struggle with Tate and Kat.
I think she's the perfect Achilles heel for Rhonda.
I think these other match ups are a lot tougher for they might be and then
sometimes that's interesting.
Sometimes styles make fights mass.
The media needs a dominant champion man.
To be a superstar,
you need to be dominant.
Yeah,
I don't know man.
I think rivalries are great too.
Sugary Leonard,
when he lost to Roberto,
Duran got even more famous and then when they did it again in the rematch,
the no mas fight,
that fight was gigantic.
Oh yeah,
those guys are bad ass.
I don't think a cat Zingano and,
and you can compute a cat and then got on.
Those guys are respectfully,
I agree.
Just Joe.
You're right,
you're right.
Phenomenal fights.
We're talking about moments in time where people were popular with their finding
women to have a top talent and tech dominant champ.
Dominic about that man.
If Holly goes out and face kicks,
Tate in the first round,
then gets captain Ghana and drops.
All right?
Now we fucking got some,
but she loses it.
Tastes like that.
Fuck.
Now here's another thing,
and I hate to be the jinx here.
I had to be the guy that talks about this,
but for a girl like Rhonda and who's going to go into movies and is gonna,
you know,
take off and become this,
she's fine either way,
but issuing,
because do people want to see those movies the same way they wanted to see those
movies when she was smashing Alexis Davis and armbarring Misha Tate knocking out
Batchko Hey,
uh,
do,
is there that same draw?
Well,
I'll say this.
I don't think people are going to Rhonda movies cause she's a phenomenal
actress.
Does that make sense?
Like,
I'm not going to see Ron's moocs.
You got to see her.
You got to see her act in this sheet is amazing.
She is.
She wouldn't go to see her because she's supposed to Ronda Rousey because she
supposedly the baddest woman on the planet.
Yes.
Now Holly Holm shut her down.
Yeah.
So now Holly is thought to be the baddest woman on the planet,
correct?
Right.
Correct.
If,
unless she fight Cyborg,
if they figure out a catch weight fight,
you know,
in,
in MMA,
that's really the big scary fight for her for sure.
You know,
and she said she would fight her.
Yeah.
She's,
she's fought at one 52 in boxing.
You know,
Holly Holm,
she's,
she's gangster.
But I mean,
I think other than,
I mean,
what,
what would you do if you were,
if you were the promoter,
let me ask you this.
What would you do if I'm dating a white?
Yes.
Scrooge McDuck if I'm you up scrooge McDuck Dana White.
Well,
I find a rebound right now,
by the way,
I say scrooge McDuck ice crazy scrooge McDuck like three or four times a week
now,
strictly because of you.
I was like,
see,
he sent me this text the other day with a picture of scrooge McDuck sitting on a
pile of gold and I was just laughing,
laughing.
My,
I love that character.
If I'm Dana White,
I,
uh,
I do exactly what he's doing with you.
The,
the,
what about the long game?
How much money do you need in the bank before you start looking at the long
game?
Well,
your,
your cash cows,
Ronda Rousey,
right?
That's right.
But how much
is he so close to Rhonda?
Is he one of these guys saying,
Oh,
you just need to fight her again,
health,
get healthy and you're going to beat her.
And then he's thinking the long game there.
And then the third fights can be even bigger.
Well,
it could be that he has 100% faith in her and he thinks that of Rhonda cuts the
distractions out of our life,
comes back and focused and attacks and does the fight the correct way that
she'll win.
He could think that.
And I think that's a bad way to think.
I think then you need to jump in line in your yes man,
because someone needs to sit her down back.
Listen,
I just think we need to work on some things.
That's should be the plan is,
here's the other thing,
like there's no evidence of that.
Like if you're gonna,
if you're gonna look at a fight and you're gonna look at a result and you're
going to assess what went wrong,
what went right,
what could be changed,
what could be different?
There's no evidence that she could've done it better.
And what I'm,
what I mean is not that she couldn't have fought better.
What I mean is that we don't have any evidence.
Our only evidence is Ron,
his past fights and Holly's past fights.
It's all we can go off of the evidence of the first fight that they had.
It was a domination by Holly.
So there's no evidence that Rhonda could have done better.
What would you have to look at it?
Technically you have to look at,
you have to look at the attacks,
the interactions,
the exchanges,
right?
So they have these exchanges inside the octagon and in those exchanges,
Holly had all the answers.
She had all the answers and she had the right strategy and the right movements,
and you saw her reacting to things that she knew were going to take place.
The left hand goes for the clench.
She's moving it away.
She's landing counter shots.
She lands that beautiful counter,
straight left.
She's throwing that oblique kick.
She's attacking the knee with that and then thigh without oblique kick.
She does that thing fast too.
She's,
and she's very agile.
True.
So you look at that and you look at these interactions,
you go,
well,
there's a lot of work to be done here.
There's a lot.
This is not just a simple matter of someone being tired.
Somebody like you,
you have to solve technical issues,
giant technical issues.
And so do you just chalked it up to,
you know what,
we just need to get your healthy cause you just gotta do what you do.
She does what she do and hopefully it's good enough if not either way to be
payday.
I think you give her time.
I think you have to give her time.
Manny Pacquiao got knocked out by one memo.
Marcus,
that's a mouthful.
When you got your coffee in your face stuff,
Juan manwell Marquez knocks out Manny Pacquiao and Freddie Roach says to him,
you can't fight for a year and we're not doing nothing for a year.
I want you to rest up.
Cause it was a brutal.
Now I liked that.
It is.
Well look at Freddy Roach.
Freddie Roach has trauma related Parkinson's from his,
his career in boxing.
I think what he did is smart.
It's ethical,
it's intelligent and it's correct.
And he did it because he's a guy who's experienced the effects of not doing
that,
of being,
you know,
rattled inside the cage and he did it because he wanted the best result for
Manny.
So Manny comes back a year later,
it doesn't look like he's had any ill effects cause that knockout,
he looked great because he fully healed.
Now how many guys are we seeing come back?
Like Anderson Silva gets knocked out by Chris Weidman just brutally knocked out,
comes back,
and then the second fight gets dropped in the first round from a punch in the
clinch,
which you know,
probably wouldn't have dropped him a few years ago looking at Leo Cheetah.
Yeah,
exactly.
You get to a certain point where you've taken enough damage where if you don't
allow your body to fully recover from that damage,
you're going to have a diminished ability to absorb punishment.
I'll tell you this,
man,
I don't Envy Dana White.
I don't even think decision.
I don't either.
He looked to hell of vaginal envy.
He doesn't have time to have a perspective like you and I do either.
You've got to realize this fucking guy is 24 seven making calls,
setting up meetings,
doing this fly in here,
doing this press conference and that and this thing and that thing.
Dana White's life is fucking overwhelming for him.
It's also a business too.
Yes.
He used,
well you got,
you and I are not trying to make money.
We're looking at it in terms of like,
okay,
what is,
what do you think is,
if you had to move all the pieces on the Board in order to achieve checkmate in
order to achieve the best result,
what's the move?
What's the mood?
What do you do?
Just just go all in.
You know,
do I don't,
I don't think you do.
I think you have to be real careful when you also,
you have to be real careful.
You have a big superstar,
right?
Like Rhonda and your big superstar gets flatlined.
Okay.
That is probably the worst result.
If you want women to get into MMA,
you want women to like come up.
Like,
you know,
we want to have a lot more people that are really into fighting a lot more women
that are into it.
And then you watch the number one woman ditches fucking blasted into the middle
of the universe.
Okay.
Yeah.
T like Michael Chevelle says astral traveling.
That's Alexa love Chavela.
So if that happens again and she suffers like serious repercussions,
now you've got a real problem with your sport.
Well now the story is over though.
Yeah.
The story's over stories over.
And you know,
and I think the story doesn't have to be over.
I think this is a,
this is obviously there's some lessons to be learned from that fight,
right?
Technically a strategy wise,
the,
like when you're chasing after a striker,
you know,
sure.
Of in the reaction of the public side.
Absolutely.
But when you're chasing after a striker,
that shit is never a good idea.
Especially if you don't have good head movement.
Like chasing a striker like Holly who is so agile and you have knee problems so
you're not the most agile.
So you've got knee,
knee problems,
you've got to grow.
Does flips at the end of every fight.
At the end of every fight she stands on her trainer's hands,
Winkle Mike Winkeljohn flips or through the air and she goes flying like a
fucking acrobat.
Lazy.
Yeah,
and she never misses it,
right?
She,
she nails it every time.
Amazing.
She's an athlete.
She's a fucking super athlete.
Just like Rhonda,
I'll go you one better.
She might be a better athlete because if you look at her,
she never gets out of shape.
She's totally ripped.
She's like,
her body is optimized.
Right?
If you want to look at someone's whose,
whose bodies optimized,
you would say,
well,
here's a girl who a has a minimal amount of body fat.
She's got a good amount of muscle.
Like you could tell she works hard and is in phenomenal shape.
The two of them fighting in the first round,
Ronda comes back exhausted.
Holly's not,
they both thought the same round.
Rhonda is exhausted.
Holly's not.
Is it because of the punishment she took that probably had something to do with
it.
It's also that she fights too.
It's also the way she fights.
Yes,
but that's a part of being an athlete.
I agree.
Part of being an athlete is making smart choices.
Especially at combat sports athlete,
making smart choices and adjusting it's life and death.
Yes.
And adjusting or losing it.
Yeah.
Yep.
Made adjusting mid fight is,
is critical and having off speed,
different rhythms to rely upon is never have to make,
he's,
she's never had to make those adjustments and then you're not to make them with
a superior athlete and then you're like,
ah,
fuck.
Exactly.
You know,
I had a buddy who wanted to do MMA and uh,
he's a Brazilian jujitsu black belt and he was doing very minimal striking
training and we talked about it and I said,
look dude,
do you know like what you can do to a white belt?
You know,
that feeling where you get in there and you roll with a guy and he's a wipe out
and you just fucking strangle them.
Just wrap them up,
strangling me,
do whatever you want.
Somebody who's going to do that to you with kickboxing and it ain't fun.
There's no end to happen.
Yeah.
It's not fun at all.
And you can't think that it's,
they don't know because even though kickboxing,
I don't think there's the same,
um,
a broadness that there is in Jujitsu where I think Jujitsu is almost like never
ending as far as techniques.
Yes.
But kickboxing has so much depth,
like real high level,
kickboxing is so much depth and there's so much,
there's so much.
Uh,
there's so many variables with guys who are really good,
who have like very specific like styles and way to draw you in and they set
traps for you and you think they're doing this and they're doing that and
they're setting up kicks with punches and punches with kicks and you know,
they're,
they're trapping you in meeting you and elbow and you in the face.
There's so much going on man,
that if you think that you're just going to go in there with some bullshit guy
who holds the pads and you know,
uses those,
those pool floaties.
Oh,
you're near taps your gloves,
your it.
Yeah.
Or You just have no,
you just have no idea what you're getting into,
which is very unsafe.
Very unsafe.
So you better be one of two things.
You better be some fucking Stud Phil Davis type all American wrestler who could
just pretty much take down anybody in the division.
So you get to dictate where the fight takes place or don't fight that guy.
Learn how to fucking kickbox first man.
Learn cause this is,
you're going to get shinned and you get shunned in the head.
That is one of the worst results you could ever have.
An MMA pepper.
If somebody's arm bars you,
you tap.
If somebody's checking you out,
you wake up,
you wake up and go,
what happened?
And you're,
you're okay.
You get fucking Gonzaga in the head.
Like Gabriel Gonzaga knocked out Cro,
cop or what?
Cro?
Cop knocked out.
Vandelay Jesus Croak up.
I mean,
you know,
uh,
can Zack is fighting I think tonight or tomorrow night,
he's on this car.
Do you know that?
I had no idea.
I have no idea.
Who's he fighting?
He's fighting some Russian cat.
Some.
Yeah,
he's on the undercard.
How crazy is that?
I was going through the pike.
I'm like,
Ooh,
Shit.
Gonzaga's doing the damn thing cause it tonight.
Is He fighting tonight crust?
Where is that?
I don't see it.
I don't see it on the schedule.
Oh,
that's tomorrow.
it's tomorrow night.
Okay.
Surprising though.
Right?
I had no idea.
35 fights in three days.
What is going on with that?
What was,
what's the idea behind that?
I should probably ask.
I feel like you'd know more than I would.
I should.
Should know more than you do.
What's wrong with me?
I don't know for sure.
Just texts.
Dana.
He's on your return.
My texts.
He would do it during your ducks.
None of us like,
hey man,
what the fuck fights bro.
Why are you guys doing?
Why you guys fuck it up so hard?
But I think it's amazing.
It's a Christmas weekend for fighters fans rather phenomenal.
Nothing matters except for UFC one 94 Constantine year broken.
Yeah.
Okay.
That guy's a beast.
It's a big fucking tough Russian guy.
That's interesting.
Fight man.
Yeah.
I can saga Gonzaga.
So scary when he was,
when he was,
oh,
you can saga.
I wonder if he's trying to do now.
You know,
what if he's just making a living or if he wants to reassess.
And I mean,
how always hold is he now?
I mean,
what does it say?
A guy like Gonzaga though,
like
35 or 36,
right?
This sucks to say,
but it's like he's never gonna be champion.
That's not happening.
And you can say,
well that's not necessarily true because look at where are you going to say mark
[inaudible] something like that.
It's just tough,
man.
He's going to have a hard time for sure.
Your boy Mitzrian look really good against him.
You look great.
Mitch runs fast.
And that's the thing like Gonzaga,
when he gets on the scale,
you know,
and got Kazakus steps on the platform.
When he weighs in,
it's almost like he's made out of rock.
So Dad,
he's in the way.
He moved like [inaudible].
Like even Brock Lesnar didn't make that kind of noise when he got onto the
consomme is so dense.
I,
before I fought him in Anaheim,
uh,
I remember walking by him and we're actually scanned on the fires bus.
I see him in Starbucks eating to glazed donuts.
I was like,
God did.
And I read my mind.
I was like,
Goddamn,
that's gangster.
You didn't give a fuck.
He doesn't give a fuck.
Let's get that guy the right way to approach it,
but fuck it that Shane Carwyn fight that fight.
Oh my God.
He was kind of whipping Shane's ass and Shane's what?
He caught it.
He caught Shane and had him hurt and he moved in for the kill chain,
Dan.
I was like,
Oh shit.
And then Shane got up and just do like this half ass kind of just like a flick
of the wrist,
just a little and knocked him out while he threw a right hand.
It was so,
just a little like this right hand.
Yeah.
Shane hit home so hard.
God,
it's so fucking hard.
Yeah.
There's like,
there's going to be a wave of those guys,
man.
It's going to take a few years.
Maybe.
You know these elite wrestlers that are coming up that are learning how to
strike when they're in high school,
you know,
and they're competing as wrestlers and they're gonna make it into the UFC.
And the next couple of years,
especially as the money gets bigger,
like there's no money has to get bigger.
You know,
there's no doubt that February Silverdome is like a super talented super
skillful guy,
but the public's consciousness and the awareness of him is not nearly as high as
it was when Cain beat Brock Lesner.
Right.
That was the height of the heavyweight division.
When you say B and the,
I think it's mainly due because of Brock Brock because cane junior dos Santos,
that was awesome too.
Superior athletes going on it but still not the same because Brock Brock brought
some new element,
the,
you know,
he brought the world wrestling entertainment people,
but I think in order to get those,
those big boys,
those freak athletes involved,
the money would have to be able to come up half the value of those football guys
who are,
you know,
interested in giving it a shot because you know,
I have a kid on the way in.
If he's anything like Brock Lesnar,
a little bastards not fighting,
you better go get that money in baseball.
Nfl.
Yeah.
D,
what would you worry about?
NFL head collisions and all that shit.
Not as much because the juice is worth the squeeze.
Not as much as fighting because fighting,
I mean like,
like I retired,
I got an Instagram posts,
said hey man,
congrats.
And then uh,
like an email,
you know,
you retired in the NFL,
you time that a fell,
you know,
you've got some,
you got some shit coming your way and so it's just different fuel only had like
a couple of years in a,
if you have a three and a half years or more,
you get a stipend every month you have health insurance is really me.
Yeah,
you're pretty taken care of.
Wow.
That's nice to certain levels to a certain degree.
How much you played.
That's nice.
Yeah.
That would be ideal.
If fighters new you think so?
The UFC I get there.
They have to,
they have to think so they know that.
Yeah.
They know that like,
and this isn't a knock on Dana white or Lorenzo,
anything like that.
We're just in the,
we basically have leather helmets on right now,
you know what I'm saying?
If you go back,
if you commit to the NFL,
they're going to get there.
They take all this heat.
Even I give him shit,
but it's so new,
man.
They're trying their best.
This stuff does not happen overnight.
Don't you think?
It almost has to pass through a few generations,
like maybe a like what is this sport going to be like 50 years from now and
Dana's on around anymore.
I mean when we're not around anymore,
what is the support going to be like then?
Like maybe you know when you look back at football,
football's been around a long fucking time.
I long fucking time and it's slowly gotten to this point.
I think what MMA really needs right now is competition.
They need a lot of competition and Bella tours just,
you're not going to get there with.off 5,000 and Kimbo slice.
It's just like it's a good fight.
It'd be fun to watch.
I'm sure.
Hoists Gracie versus Ken shamrock three.
Look,
they're legends they deserve.
They deserve to fight.
If they want to fight,
they have earned it.
And I know that's something that can,
has alluded to.
He said,
you know,
he does,
he earned his right to compete.
I agree.
Absolutely.
100% sodas voice.
Absolutely 100% they deserve the right to compete,
but it's not the same as the UFC right now.
And until it becomes,
until someone comes along and like strike force Kinda almost
had it,
you know,
they were,
they were close before Strikeforce is owned by the UFC.
Fader was fighting Brett Rogers and you know,
there was some shit going on.
I was like,
I'm doing well.
Do some shit going on.
It was like,
Whoa,
this is a,
this is pretty God damn good.
It was pretty God damn good.
See,
I think the UFC would get there.
We just need time on our side.
The struggle they're going to have is,
you know,
the NFL is dealing with a little bit now with the concussion stuff.
I think when MMA down the road we're gonna see the concussion.
It's really been,
people were like,
dude,
what are we doing?
And the pay is nowhere near.
So when I say the NFL is worth the squeeze because you're taking care of
compensation white,
why?
So you're,
yeah,
you're gonna have some fucked up knees and your brains can be oatmeal.
But in the UFC,
I mean man,
like I said,
you can email and a repost on Instagram,
but don't you think that like then it's even more important to make sure that
someone like Rousey has enough time that Rhonda has enough time off to
recuperate and you mitigate all potential problems that you could have with her
getting knocked out again,
100% Joe.
I mean,
what if this fight takes place and in the first round Holly just fucking slams a
Shin right into Ron,
his jaw and she stiffens up and just fall straight back like Terry Edom number,
everyone,
Teri enema and caught him with that.
We'll kick just stiffened and fell straight back.
Bang.
The probability of that happening are very high,
very high.
But this is what you have to realize.
If you've never been hit before,
when you get knocked out like that,
you are not,
you can't get hit for a long time.
It's not the same.
It takes a while before you build back the resistance to the get to get to the
point where you have like a baseline.
You know like your,
your baseline is like how you are right now.
If you get hit right now like wow,
that it would hurt,
but you'd be able to absorb a much better shot than if you had just gotten a
concussion.
Have you just gotten a concussion recently and then you get hit again?
Your Brendan's like what the F and we've seen it.
We've seen so many guys get knocked out and then come back a lot of,
a lot of times it happened,
I'm going to cut you off.
But a lot of times that happens in camp,
like the fly dot Rothwell like weeks before Karlyn fucked me up,
man.
I should and if I was knowledgeable how I am now,
I'd be like,
dude,
I don't know if I should fight.
This is not good.
But my,
you know,
back in the day,
this is whatever,
three,
four years ago,
they're like,
oh,
just no more spawn.
You'll rest.
Well,
it's two weeks before the fight.
That's really not enough time.
Not Enough.
So then he has a decent shot at it.
You know,
I've had way worse than he clips me and it's,
you know,
it's tough,
man.
Yeah.
Just shut you off.
Well Joe Duffy,
how about that?
A week before he was supposed to fight Dustin Poirier he gets knocked out in
camp.
He gets a concussion and they have to pull them out.
You know,
like teal.
Oh,
that's why whenever MMU math people try saying,
well,
rock cold Machita Machita Weidman,
mme math doesn't,
doesn't work for me because I know Machida was not ready to fight.
When he fought Rockhold I was in his camp.
He was,
we were like,
dude,
this is not the Machita we know.
So he goes in there,
destroys him,
gets clipped,
you know,
it's the different Machida.
So that doesn't work for me.
What was wrong with Machida?
He just needed time
off.
His biggest issue is,
is he like,
he'll go right back to sparring.
We're not talking like light sparring and hitting mitts.
He goes right back to the dog days of sparring as soon as he's done.
So,
you know,
he's getting clipped.
He was having just,
these are rough time and he just wasn't ready to take that fight.
So you were watching him train and you knew that something was up?
I think everyone did.
Really?
Yeah.
And so now,
you know,
as he's taking,
everyone's like,
dude,
you need a break.
So he's taking a long time off.
Um,
he fought Munoz.
Where was that?
In England.
Is that where it was?
Where he,
uh,
his first fight at one 85 when he had kicked him.
Yeah.
He looks sensation.
They were training together too.
Yeah,
that's right.
Yeah.
Cause we are all trained together.
And then I was like,
dude,
I gotta fight my Cheetah.
And everyone's kind of like,
oh wow.
But if you watch him from that fight to like the machete,
see now it's like,
man,
little shop worn.
Is that some tough fights and Ramiro fire happens.
Yup.
That happens,
man.
Yeah.
That happened and like,
like I think happened with Klitschko.
I hate going back to buck and I think it just,
whatever reason it happens that it's a certain fight where like,
oh my God,
it's not the same guy.
Yeah.
Oh fuck man.
And is it,
is it,
you know,
Josie always been on feed for 10 years.
He's been through the ringer.
He's fought the best of the best to me.
He's number one pound for pound.
There's no one better.
You look at his resume,
to me,
he's number fucking one now.
It's Saturday night.
The time where we seem to like,
oh,
that's not the same that we've seen there.
There's gonna come a day.
It's just there's going to be a fight unless he retires.
See,
I think that he is definitely one of the all time greats and I think he's
definitely one of the best pound for pound fighters in the world.
But he doesn't fight the same sort of dominance that mighty mouse does.
Like he,
he'll beat like Uriah faber down.
He crushed his leg and beat him down and knocked out Chad Mendez and their first
fight.
But if you look at like the Ricardo Lamas fight,
lamas had him on his back and the fifth round he's beating on them.
So Dominic,
Dominic,
he fades towards the end.
And if you look at the fight with Chad Mendez as a fucking very,
very close fight,
that second fight,
I'm and fight fires.
I think 40 fives more stock than mighty mouth.
Mm.
Amazing.
More stacked.
I think he's that tougher.
Cuts hit certainly a good argument.
However,
John Dodson knocked out Tj Dillashaw at one 35 he's a fucking monster.
Monster.
Fast as shit.
Super Athletic and dangerous as fucking mighty mouse.
Just shut him down.
I agree.
I just think over 10 years and he's fought the WHO's who?
And you know what I'm saying?
What's this?
It's such a subjective title.
The chat box.
If you want to talk about pound for pound,
who's gonna rip everyone's face offs?
Jon Jones.
There's no one better than Jon Jones to ever enter the octagon.
He's literally gonna grab everyone,
rip their fricking face off if you want it to.
Let's pound for pound.
You think he's going to fight heavyweight now?
Yeah,
100% and going to go in there.
He's gonna fight DC and they were like,
cool,
let's fight heavyweight.
Yeah.
Wow.
He's so jacked.
What are we doing?
He's Jack like has his shit together.
You know that happens to people when they become like real technical and
they're,
you know,
they're strong but in a grappling sentence and then they start lifting weights.
Like they get so many cars now they have all this ability to do things from
technique that's backed up by all this horsepower.
Like Dude,
Eddie Bravo's game changed so hard when he started lifting weights.
Like there was like,
there's Eddie Bravo pre weights and is Eddie Bravo post weights and they're
totally different guys.
They different,
we,
he was just a small guy who had really good technique and then he got to the
point where he was lifting weights like a couple days a week,
steady for years.
He wouldn't stop.
He just like,
I got to get stronger.
And he's like,
I'm just battling in the gym constantly with these guys who are bigger and
stronger than me and then as soon as he started putting masks on and he started
getting really strong to go with that technique,
he was just smashing different animal.
See Shankar and myself for a little different.
We spent too much time in the weight room.
We should've been doing techniques like we're in the weight room like spot each
other bench.
I'm like God I feel like we should work on punching.
Thank you.
Think I'm like well your hugest fuck is it is.
I don't think we're getting any better squatting all this recipe.
If you fight a guy like junior dos Santos like junior couldn't live nearly as
much as Shane but when they got in the case together juniors lightened him up
cause it just buys him tech.
That's where technique comes into play.
That's what it is.
It's about getting hit.
You want to talk about a fight that should have happened years ago.
Dos Santos over him next week.
What do you think about that?
Fine.
I mean dose Angeles with a new camp,
the att.
So I think that's good.
Um,
it just,
this slight should have happened a year or two and I don't think junior is ever
the same.
I think after those two cane losses and then after that steep a fight,
I mean,
what I was going to talk about files,
brutal fight.
So I don't know,
man.
Yeah.
And then with Overeem,
with this new drug testing,
I mean are we,
what are we going to get when you get the tool five a room,
what's he going to look like?
Right.
There's a lot of variables,
man.
A lot of very beautiful thug.
Same with Josie Aldo.
Oh yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
You're like me,
you're making the steroids face.
I'm just saying,
might have been,
maybe he's not,
but lets the face you're making the other me my name,
let's say.
Let's say he's not like w and,
but let like,
no,
let's say he is,
but then the strict drug testing comes into play.
We're talking about a different animal,
man.
Oh yeah.
Completely different animal.
Not the same guy.
That's an x factor.
That's a huge x factor.
It has to be,
but we don't know.
We don't know what he was doing.
What?
He wasn't born 100% I have no idea.
He,
because he never got tested positive for anything ever and he's an absolute
animal.
I don't know,
but that I could say that for anyone you go out,
you go through,
you'll see one 94 you'd say that for a lot of the guys,
that's the next factor.
That's interesting man.
We can't know.
You know and can't know who was on water,
who was on something and got caused.
No Way.
Unless people get caught.
Yeah.
When you get caught,
you know,
they always say,
oh,
you know,
I didn't know someone gave me his die.
Is there ever been a guy who someone actually did give?
They gave him a protein shake and he drank it and they're like,
oh Yo dog,
I forgot to tell you stuff.
I did have multiple,
y'all thought this was chocolate.
Wait,
Nah,
Nah man.
I put steroids in it.
Hey real quick.
Just for all the listeners out there,
that's never happening.
It's got to have happened once.
People are idiots.
There's a lot of positive.
Yeah.
I like that.
It's like,
I don't even know what I was taking.
This guy was just give me in Jackson my ass.
He told me his vitamin C,
it is possible that if you were at a bad gym and you're hanging around with a
bunch of fucking morons and they want you to fail and there's dudes are doing
juice,
they'll put put some juice in your protein,
drink tea.
Here's the solution.
Until anybody mix your protein drinks,
especially some asshole.
It doesn't really like you.
Yeah man.
Some crazy shit,
but to has to be a guy out there that actually did have someone drop a steroid
in his protein drink and he pissed positive and he probably tells her and
they're like,
yeah,
sure.
It was like actually did happen.
Fuck be meal.
Your
surprise.
You'd be failed.
The steroid tests.
He'd be so freaked out like,
I can't believe that.
The actual thing that everybody jokes about really did happen to me.
You fucked.
Oh my you.
It's like actually going into a van that says free candy cause they're really
free.
Channy is very clunky.
Ow.
Fuck you're,
that guy beat you over the head.
Like God damn it.
How did I fall for that?
This car tomorrow is pretty good.
Um,
there's a lot of good fights on this card,
but the card on Saturday is insane.
But the one big fight that's on tomorrow,
well,
there's a couple big fights besides a Frankie Edgar and Chad Mendez,
but Barboza and Tony Ferguson,
motherfucker
Barboza and Tony Ferguson.
Sun Woo.
I love Ferguson in that flight.
That's a crazy fight,
dude.
That's a motherfucker.
That is a crazy fight.
I just think it's Ferguson's time,
man.
He's so fucking good and he's dangerous.
Very dangerous.
But so is Barboza I agree.
I just feel like Tony just hits like a Mack truck.
He does.
It's a very interesting fight.
Very interesting.
He's going to have to deal with those fucking leg kicks.
So God Damn Barboza kinks get gets out of two rounds.
I think Tony stops live in too.
Wow.
I know,
right?
So much.
I believe in [inaudible].
I think,
I just think 2016 is kind of,
uh,
the year of Tony Ferguson at that weight.
Strong,
stale,
right,
right.
Not show going out on a limb and tell you what man,
you're making predictions like you,
you're making a strong prediction.
Oh,
it's never good.
Sometimes it backfires.
Like,
ah,
Barboza Monster.
He is a monster that Paul Felder fight that switch kick that he was landed to
Feldman's ribs mixing anything like it fastest I've ever seen.
I agree.
Just let her say anything like it.
It was like a,
like 110 pound Thai guy.
You know,
like you watch those Moitai champions flyweight dudes that are just like
lightening bolts.
That's what kind of speed he was dropping that switch kick in.
I remember like,
literally I was like,
I had to like readjust my metric when I was judging it.
Like watching like what's a fast kick and what's not a fast kick.
His kick was so much faster than anybody else's that I had a,
I had a readjust like what I thought was a fast kick.
He's going to land some those eyes think Tony's gonna counter and the night,
well Michael Johnson gave him a lot of pressure and Barboza had a real hard time
with that.
But correct me if I'm wrong,
I believe Barboza was traveling back and forth from Florida to New Jersey,
the trade mark Kendra that was going on.
Now he lives down there.
Correct.
That'll make a big impact.
Different animal.
And that's what we saw in the fight with Paul Felder.
We saw like the best version of Barboza we've ever seen.
The most focus,
the fastest,
the best prepared if he's with Mark Henry.
I'm telling you,
man,
I spent maybe four weeks smart Kenny.
I've never seen anything like it for whatever the reason.
Maybe just cause he's Frankie Edgar's guy in Edwin Barboza,
she doesn't get a lot of notoriety like a frost or Greg Jackson.
I'm tell you,
man,
I've,
it's some another level shit,
man.
I'm telling you that we worked,
uh,
he was like,
let me see you move around.
And he had this,
uh,
guy hold mitts for me.
Any filled out a fucking notepad about six pages long front.
And back just all this shit and we're just obsessed with it.
Texted me,
caught voice mails with waves,
like just listen to them.
You don't respond,
just listen.
And there's all these combos.
I was like,
holy fuck if,
if someone can,
if you spend and you see Edwin Barboza and you see frickin Frankie Edgar,
how talented these guys are.
And now Chris Weidman brought Mark Henry in to help with the raclette fight
railing.
And that was the x factor for me.
Ooh,
that's what pushed you over the top.
Why men over Rockhold?
It did.
And I thought [inaudible] was gonna win earlier in the week and then,
and I've been listened and then Mark Kennedy says he's working with wide.
I was like,
Oh hell no.
Really?
So it was just Mark Henry coming in as a trainer that made you switch over.
I was,
that was this close.
I was this close to picking Weidman or Rockhold and then just,
I dunno,
I'm with Weidman.
Wow,
that's interesting.
That's a,
that shows you,
that's a pretty serious level of respect for Mark Henry up.
Dude I've worked with for us and I'm not these,
those are the best in the business list or bowling,
Greg Jackson,
all these phenomenal coaches,
Tony Jeffries,
all these guys.
I've never seen anything like Mark Henry the amount of time.
As soon as he,
I heard he's on board.
I was,
oh fuck.
You're talking about another level.
What do you think about his style as opposed to the style that bang is showing
Tj Dillashaw,
which has a lot of switching of the stances,
a lot of variations in the approach and the attack where you're constantly
overloading the mind.
You never know when a guy's going to do.
What do you think of that?
I think banks style worked for one guy in the world for Tj.
Yup.
I think what it's doing for Danny Castillo,
Danny Gus
deals look fat can fantastic.
He's not looking like Tj.
He's looking good for him.
Well,
first of all,
they came in at different levels of strike.
I agree.
I'm just saying kicking wise.
He looks better,
but I think for that obsessive style for what Tj does,
they're the perfect combo.
Right?
Does not get any better than that.
So you think it's a style makes trainer matchup?
Yes.
Hundred percent yeah.
Blit trying listen to,
well,
you won't be there.
They find them Friday night.
You're not doing the fight.
But if you can listen to Mark Henry when he's coaching Frankie Edgar,
I think she has a towel on.
He sweating and he's that they have different,
uh,
language every time.
They have very different variables every time.
It's never the same so that nobody could get it.
Only can get it right.
It's literally like a video game.
ABBC ABC and the doing the thing,
it's like a fucking video game.
Wow.
I've never seen anything like it,
man.
Wow.
Very interesting.
And he see he's just as striking guy.
Right.
Just striking.
So who does the transitions between the striking and grappling?
How do we orchestrate that in a training?
Yeah.
I know a Weidman has a,
his little camp with Ray Longo mix there and all that.
So they all come together.
And then I've,
I've heard stories about why I'm in,
I don't think people realize how strong wide is.
I've heard him,
just Molly whopping heavyweights,
just destroying dudes and Weidman.
When I break down the tape,
he just has this x factor that don't think Luke has granted Luke's gone five
rounds more.
A lot of people don't realize that Luke's gone five rounds in or stock rate.
Tim Kennedy beat both of them.
Great.
Grapplers but I just think Wyden has this x factor that you are,
it's hard to gauge.
Like you can't put a number on it,
if that makes sense.
I know it sounds weird.
Rockhold thinks he's going to be able to stay on the outside and have success
that we Anderson did in the first round,
the first fight in v toward did in that opening flurry of that,
the,
the uh,
the fight that they had and he thinks he's gonna be able to do some damage
there.
If you look at that fight,
The v two or fight where v tour had Weidman stunned.
She nailed him a couple times and then vitro moved in for the kill.
But [inaudible] just didn't have the stamina he did.
He just couldn't sustain it.
And then he didn't have the defense in the ground.
Why men took him down,
just fucked him up,
which is a beat down as soon as why man shot that double got ahold those legs
tight,
dropped him down total control the ground and just beat the shit out of him.
I don't think he'll be able to do that the same way to Rockhold.
I think rock holds would be a much harder guy to take down and a much harder.
Got to keep down.
I think rock holes got a way better wrestling camp with DC and Kane and Rockwell
just shown really good takedown defense in the past.
I agree.
It makes it makes it tricky.
I think that fight gets super interesting.
If Rockhold uses height and reach and kicking,
he's a really good kicker.
Keep telling me outside and I left kick.
What is his fucking background besides wrestling?
Surfing,
but where did he learn how to kick?
Really?
He He,
he was surfing and he was bullshitting around.
I know he did some judo when he was young,
didn't have a karate background and then walked into Ak when he was super young.
How old was he?
I think 17 okay.
So a Javier has been kind of coaching him from the beginning,
so,
so I mean
the rock old I think will get his kicks off and that's uh,
the,
I mean just to keep that distance.
I just feel like Weidman's going to get them down.
And Weidman,
this is the x factors.
Weidman also is a phenomenal grappler,
man.
He's been trained with Marcella Garcia for ever,
I mean he's a stud on the ground.
I think a is overlooking that.
I think that they're worried about the strike and they're worried about the
pressure and all that and they think Rockwell thinks he's doing it.
Paid Down,
pop up.
I get that.
Weidman's a motherfucker down there,
the,
he controlled Vito Belfort on the ground.
Like they're going to be building literally,
he's so heavy on top man.
Well Donna,
hers,
his guy too.
And Donna,
hers the master.
He's a real wizard.
That's a,
he's a,
he's so smart too.
He's a a guy that when you have that guy in your corner,
there's a distinct advantage when it comes to strategy and if you're training
with them on a regular basis,
like he doesn't,
he doesn't make mistakes.
He's not,
isn't making,
he doesn't make mistakes in assessment or execution.
He knows what to do and when to do it and how to do it right.
He just knows he does not,
he's not weighed down by stupid ideas to,
to me it's the best fight in middleweight history.
Two guys in their prime,
man,
I have no idea who's going to win.
I can see the guys fighting two or three times talking about a trilogy,
what it really all depends on the result of the first fight.
Sure.
It's like a lot of people thought that could have been the case with v torn why,
but why just smashed him.
True.
If Weidman can do that to Rockhold,
then the whole game changes.
But if why,
why do you think Weidman needs like a breakout performance in order to achieve
like a higher level of stardom?
Like something has to happen.
Even this.
Right.
Nice.
How great he is.
So let's say widen it goes in there and knock some out in the first round.
But then commonly Gregor goes in and knocks Josie out out in three rounds.
We're not talking about Weidman.
He gets funny dicked again.
You know what I'm saying?
He's honey dick again.
My bad dog.
Maybe next time,
cause we're not talking about Weidman.
It's true all we're time.
I was Connor Geraldo.
Yeah.
That's all we're talking about.
And it's all trash talk.
It's the trash talk,
the trash talk.
Because on paper both of them are equally intriguing.
But the trash talk of of Connor has pushed the whole thing way over the top as
far as like wanting to see it like wow.
But it's Kinda,
it's kind of calmed down because of the injury and there's been this delay
because when they're on that world tour,
I was like,
holy fuck.
This is insane to me.
I think Conor McGregor mind fucked Jose Aldo.
Not really anymore.
I don't know about all that.
I don't think so.
No,
I don't think it's as bad this time.
I think it's still on his head.
It doesn't matter.
We don't know what the reaction that is going to be.
Some guys,
the worst shit you can do is get them riled up.
Well if you look at Joe,
the elders pass.
Anytime a guy brings the fight to him,
he gets fucked up.
If Josie Aldo,
if it's super expectable and he gets a head on you,
he coasts and he takes rounds off east coast.
We've seen it man.
But I think Conor Mcgregor's he bit off all I can chew man.
Cause Joe's Alto and he's,
when you're bringing the fight to them,
you get one hell of a Joe's Outta we look at Mendez,
Josie to what?
To me that's one of the greatest fights ever.
It's going to be interesting to see what approach although takes.
Cause what if Aldo comes out southpaw then chick gets interesting
cause one of the benefits that that Connor has is that he fight southpaw is your
nasty right hand true.
He throws almost like disdainful.
Half speed kicks in.
He uses your positioning,
judging you to set up other things and then he mixes those half speed kicks up
with very fast techniques,
spinning kicks and things along those lines.
That front kick to the body and then we'll throw like a disdainful roundhouse
kick,
almost like daring you to try to counter it so he can look to drop that left
hand and on you.
He does a lot of interesting shit as far as like varying his rhythm and his
approach and his movement,
his long wide stance.
It just a lot of shit that's hard to judge.
But if all,
although immediately initiate grappling,
this is something that I don't think people have been thinking of is a fucking
nasty on the ground Nass deal champion.
Yeah.
He's like,
like he's,
he beat Cotto Cabrina and straight Jujitsu.
Okay.
So if all doe just clenches and drags that fight to the ground very early in the
fight.
Look,
we saw in the corner with Connor and Chad Mendez Co Chad took him down and held
him down,
was laying some nasty ground and pound with essentially no camp.
I mean two weeks,
which is like your weight cutting.
You don't have any cardio.
It's just like you're not going to improve in two weeks because the last week is
all just about recovery anyway,
so he's got like seven days to work out for Conor for a fucking world title
fight while he's doing all this press right.
All those good all the time in the world.
He's got all the time in the world and he is a monster on the ground.
What's his background is back on is not striking his background,
his Jujitsu,
so to me,
and you hit it right on the head,
no one's talking about us talking about Josie is going to grapple him because
Connor's hard to figure out,
especially early in the rounds.
He's doing all these weird angles.
It's like,
fuck man,
what am I going to do?
He's going to grapple them and he's a stud athlete too,
like a freak.
He can get a hold of you and drag you to the ground and all of a sudden you know
he's got your back and he's fucking blasting you with punches and elbows.
It could get real weird cause cause cause if I'm watching the,
the Mendez fight cause it,
I think those,
that switch to that first round when minutes kept taking him down,
Josie camp is going,
all right,
this is what we're going to do.
And then let's get good at staying in the third,
fourth,
fifth round.
But Start Tiana,
here's looking at another way.
Connor comes in like a serpent will always slippery movement and he dropped one
of those fucking pissed and left hands in on José's chin.
Then shit gets real weird real quick.
That could happen to the lamb.
He lands one of those fucking Corker's on them and starts talking shit to them
and gets in front of his face.
Josie has never been a fight at this magnitude.
Never.
Never with the shit.
Talking Shit,
talking changes,
everything.
The shit talking about the,
all the eyes on this file.
We can pressure.
He's been champion,
you know,
forever.
He's been undefeated for 10 years.
He's never been in this kind of fight.
No,
not even close.
He's gotten a lot of attention in Brazil.
Like the first uh,
chat bend is Phi.
Was a giant victory for him in Brazil.
Ran Out to the audience,
was cheering with them.
They held up the flag for an does a different thing.
And I also,
uh,
Josie will get hit.
He'll go straight back and he does get hit.
We see Chad Mendez and other fights where he gets hit.
He sounded lucid.
He's not like,
might get hit by Conor McGregor.
The game is over.
She hits like a fucking Mack truck.
Yeah.
He snaps those punches big too,
man.
He mixes shit up real good with upper cards and straight punches and comes at
different angles.
He gets unpredictable with his movements when he's in close.
Like if you look at like a,
his fight with Marcus scrimmage,
that beautiful combination that he landed take [inaudible] out.
And how good does his Mac haul Max Holloway when you look now.
Exactly.
And he did this really fucked up knee.
Yeah.
He jacked his knee in the first round.
He,
so there's a lot going on in that fight.
There's a lot going on that fight.
What?
And I think,
I think after,
uh,
let's say common wins,
that fight is toughest.
Matchups are looming,
you know,
they're waiting for,
well,
Tony Ferguson's already called him out.
It,
this is my 55 bits.
Just might be his last fight at 45 to most likely will be with dog wants to
fight them too.
Of course.
That's a long fight song.
Whoa.
Pedis while Donald shouldn't be thinking about anything but the 18th that's
gonna be a tough one.
That's tough.
One stuff.
One route from my voice.
Ronnie.
I am too.
I'm also rooting for a dos Anjos that's a fucking problem with being a
commentator.
He kind of fucking rude on everybody.
I like as a human being,
I'm wait closer to Donald Donald's,
my friend.
But when I watched those two fight,
I'm a fan.
I mean I'm a fan of martial arts.
Yeah,
you're a professional.
But when I watch those two fight,
I'm a fan of both those guys and I'm a,
I'm a Hofeld dos Anjos Fan.
That motherfucker is a beast that beat down that he put on pedes the way he did
it.
He's the nicest guy in the world to the best.
The Nice Guy.
When I was fighting and I never forget this stuff.
Anytime guys go out of their way to be nice to me.
I never forget it.
When I was in Brazil for a press conference before I fought Nogueira it's like
whatever,
14 weeks before the fight,
you know,
Brazilians around exactly.
A big brown fan when you're fighting the biggest guy in the fucking city.
No one's doing me favors and a dos Anjos uh,
gave me rides everywhere.
Took me a little jams,
made sure I was cool.
That's not sure where to eat all.
He was great man.
He's a great dude.
I always like talking to him,
but very friendly guy and I from Denver,
same team,
cowboys,
my boy.
Yeah.
No,
I guess tough man.
I'm always biased.
Don't ever get it twisted.
Whenever I make picks I'm always biased.
Yeah.
I feel,
yeah.
I like this fight as a martial artist because,
um,
as someone who's like looks at the,
of the problems of both guys present,
I liked his fight because of the physicality of dos.
Anjos is something that guys have to deal with.
He's worked real hard on his conditioning and his strength and conditioning
routines that he trains with that nick curse on guy.
Yeah,
he's a mark.
Marinovich is decided.
Sure.
They do some wild,
crazy explosive plyometric shit.
They do a lot of like strengths shit and a lot of it about just just reducing
the amount of time it takes you to act and to perform your actions.
Just getting it down.
Just fractions of a second.
Constantly exploding constantly.
There's all sprints and box jumps and that kind of shit.
If you watch like some of his,
uh,
the,
the training modalities,
it's really fascinating to watch all these different techniques.
They apply all these weird flexibility things he does.
That's cool.
Oh,
he does a lot of wild shit,
man.
I'm,
I,
uh,
the one thing I don't like is how much time cowboys hat off cowboy likes to go
and go.
And that's what it,
this is best when you have a lot of time off and he has to think about the
fights usually trouble.
Yeah.
But of ways a mother fucker,
man,
he saw the momentum right now.
So a lot of momentum,
you know,
and he's a really fucking tough guy.
He takes a good shot.
I don't get any tougher.
That's Ronnie.
He takes a good shot and he's really fucking sneaky with his Moy Tai.
Very sneaky and off his back man.
Older than you is x fact off his back.
I've rolled with cal weights like Jesus,
man.
Yeah,
he's very slick off his back.
Just one of the best things about being a kickbox.
It has a really good guard game cause you don't worry about getting taken down
cause you're very off fencing off your back unless you're fighting dos Anjos
high level grappler,
black belt,
high level.
Not give a fuck about your guard.
Who's also star wrong as Shit.
Yes.
Like you saw that Nate Diaz fight.
He just ragdoll ideas and just brutalize that leg too with those leg kicks.
Oh,
it's gonna be interesting to see if he decides to stand with Donald,
like how he decides to approach it.
He's so fucking fast.
That was the thing that got me in the pennys fight,
like how fast he is to engage and fastest execute.
He's like,
he's like right there,
right there,
right there.
Bang.
Like he was like put a tremendous pressure on pedis right from the beginning.
And Pedis doesn't like that.
Pedis likes you to stand on the outside and give him time to like get his timing
strikers do like Barboza loves that,
you know exactly the way to beat those guys a lot of time is that kind of
pressure get in their face.
And Donald had a hard time with Nate in their first fight or their fight rather
because Nate put a lot of pressure on him in the first round and there was a lot
of shit talking.
Yep.
I think you got emotionally invested in that shit.
Talking a little too much.
You want to talk about leg kicks?
Wouldn't even talk about this.
I hate to go back to,
but Josie Aldo motherfucker for a kick.
Oh yeah.
Horrible.
And you got to remember content.
That's that white stance.
Yup.
He does.
In fact,
cause you land for those leg kicks.
We're talking about different night.
Yep.
And he's also,
we're assuming the Connor's gonna fight southpaw and it shows who's gonna Fight
Orthodox,
we're assuming.
And if he does do that,
then it opens him up for that inside leg kick for sure.
Let's say,
um,
that's a,
a powerful technique and it also head kicks and Josie has not been a head kick
kind of a guy,
but Connor is,
you know,
and when,
if Connor is in that position,
he's in the strong leg back position and Josie has opened in the Orthodox
position.
So what I'm saying folks,
if you don't know what we're talking about,
if like someone fights at south means they have their right foot forward
orthodox than way.
Most boxers fight.
They have their left leg forward.
When Connor has his right leg forward,
the inside of his leg,
which is a very,
very sensitive to soft tender area,
he gets opened up for those inside leg kicks.
It'll slow your game down.
You only had couple of those worldclass
cakes.
So slow your game.
Yeah.
But I mean I kind of think the Conners anticipated that and he's probably going
to,
you know,
timeless movement.
And then also you look at like,
that was the kick that did in Anderson Cause Weidman checked it,
Wyman checked it perfectly and snapped Anderson's leg.
So there's that possibility too.
You know,
if they go Shin Shin a couple of times.
Whoa.
I've never been more excited than for a fight card since Saturday night.
It's stunning.
Spectacular.
It's so,
it's so good in so many ways.
Can I can I hate on one of the fights on the card Joe real quick.
Please do.
Uh,
gunner Nelson.
Damien Maia think is air.
You saw news fast 3000.
I don't know.
I hope I'm wrong.
Every other fight on that card is ridiculous.
I think just style wise,
I just don't see that being fun.
You look at their previous wins,
gunner Nelson really finishes our decision is finishes are only by submission.
Unique to men.
Damien Maia.
That ain't happening.
And then there's other ones are decision.
Damien Maia is either submission or decision.
Imagine if gunner did submit.
Damien Maia,
you imagine that'd be sick.
Can you imagine if he could do that?
Be so sick and be like,
is it possible?
I mean,
I think fan,
is it possible to Damien kids,
submit gunner?
I mean,
I don't even know if that's possible.
I agree.
Well,
the thing is,
we talked about Gunnar Nelson's background at Jujitsu.
He's the far cry from Damien Maia.
Don't get towards twisted people as far as you know,
celebrated true traditional Jujitsu.
Damien Maia is a motherfucking monster.
Absolutely.
100% as far as achievements.
Yes.
When you look at what Gunnar Nelson has done,
like he's in elite grappler.
He really is.
Jeff Manson.
Yes,
he did.
Dominated them.
Yes,
and he's also small for the division,
which is where it gets interesting because Damien why is large for the division
and Damen cuts a lot of weight and this will be his first time doing it without
an ivy.
Oh,
see all these x factors.
Sun.
The other thing is David [inaudible].
He's not exactly Lance Armstrong,
the cardio department.
So you ought to about submissions later in the round.
There's going to be one.
It's probably going to be Nelson.
Well and with no ivy,
he could even be more weakened by this weight cut.
And that's a factor.
How about Susan Romero would even talk about that one.
Jock array is fighting Yoel Romero.
First of all,
Yo Romero has the best body that has ever walked on earth.
Like who?
She who looks looks better than that.
That's a superhero.
He's a superhero.
That's fucking aqua man.
That's Spiderman.
Straight up superman.
Straight up at that build.
That shit's ridiculous.
And Jackie Ray's a fucking savage to man.
Jocko raise bicep is like three inches longer than a normal bicep.
It goes to the middle of his forearm.
He was born to choke people.
He was literally born to choke people unconscious.
It's going to be interesting to see if UL can avoid the submissions.
If it goes to the ground,
it's going to be interesting cause Yo el such an elite wrestler,
I mean his wrestling is outstanding.
You know what?
It's outstanding.
But he's been taken down the octagon.
Buy Inferior guys.
It's cause he doesn't give a fuck cause he just gets right back up.
He's not going to get right back up on junk or no,
no,
no.
He's not going to have that approach.
That's a fucking test.
Going to be much more conservative I think in the,
in his approach as far as the tax.
But he's got so much,
he's got so much faith in that fast twitch muscle fiber too,
cause he drops those fucking fast shots.
Is Sousa though sodas,
Joc grip this full.
Especially now you should know Cami fight.
Jacques Rey unloaded on Okami.
Were you worried about my Jujitsu?
What?
How about worried about knuckle sandwiches?
Look,
a sandwich son,
I think,
uh,
still is getting dropped.
That's a wildfire I think ends up on the feet.
Film's gonna Lean in now Bob.
You know what gets me?
I almost wish that you,
well,
it's like,
I almost wish she was fighting for the title now because I feel like he's 36,
he's 36.
Time is not on his side.
No,
especially not with this kind of testing and,
yeah,
and I was not inside.
Testing ain't doing him any favors.
Not He has injuries,
you know,
he's back.
They're supposed to fight before.
Well,
he's had his neck operated on.
Of course,
you've got a big slice in the back of his neck when you see him,
when he steps on the scale to weigh ins where he,
uh,
he had disc surgery.
I don't know what they did.
I don't know.
He don't wrestle for that long without having some issues on Cael Sanderson
twice.
Yeah.
He's a monster.
I mean,
maybe one of the greatest amateur wrestlers to ever come out of Cuba.
He's just a freak man,
monster wrestler.
He shots though.
And he's not exactly a cardio machine either.
Nope.
And he's gotta be real careful about like how we,
how explodes and I paste himself.
I mean,
these are too fucking kegs at dynamite going after each other.
Two different approaches.
God Damn.
That's a good fight.
Whoa.
And how about,
where do I even talking about Uriah Faber?
Uriah favors on this card.
No one's even brought it up.
Yeah.
They've just have him on the car just in case.
Altered in show up.
Yep.
Let's,
let's get real here.
Yeah.
Probably gave him a good stipend.
He's on the Dan Shade.
Yeah.
Do your thing.
You're right.
Who Do you know Frankie signs as I really and z transit signs.
Sinan sanes sanes it's not good if we don't know his name.
I don't know if he wins.
It's good for him.
Yeah.
If he wins for it,
it's gigantic forum.
Jeremy Stevens.
Max Holloway.
It's another fucking bang up fight too.
Nobody's bringing up,
dude.
I'm impressed with Holloway,
man.
Huh?
Yeah,
man.
That cubs swans and fight opened up a lot of people's eyes.
They were like,
whoa.
And this kid's only like 24 young talented fucking dudes up.
What's the one,
five zero seven or row since losing to Conor five probably.
He's won quite a few.
It looks better every single time he's inside the octagon.
Hey Stevens,
for sure.
Let's not stuck in our gut like that.
When we take a picture of
July that caught him at a camp for photos.
I'll be,
I've been there.
It's like God damn it.
And you know that Shit's gonna be on the promos and shit.
I would attend and did them fucking pushups.
Yeah.
Jeremy Stevens has some fucking dynamite in his hands.
Dynamite kicks to the can not doubt honey.
Jason,
that head kick,
that was a flatline or someone like the rumble Johnson of this weight class.
You know like he just right and ball of knockout.
Then how?
I just think hallways he's too good is to eight tools to win.
We'll see.
I like it.
I like that fight.
I like it a lot.
I Jeremy Stephens the it's used egg when you should have zagged.
You fuck up.
You make a mistake.
You,
yeah,
he,
he'll shut the fucking lights out on you.
That Dennis Bermudez fight.
How about that?
Fight Bermudez is a mother from UTS was looking good in that fight too to
Jeremy's.
Steve has dropped the bomb on him.
He can do that man,
and he holds that power deep into the third round two.
You've got to remember also,
he knocked out the champ.
He knocked out Dos Anjos right?
Yup.
Knocked up to just that.
I don't forget it.
He knocked out those angels had 55 then dropped down to 45.
Feels like he's got a better shot at 45.
I wonder if how many guys are going to continue to try to compete at 45 with
this ivy band?
Not many.
Yeah.
I wonder how Jeremy's going to do,
cause I think this will be his first fight without the ivy as well.
Think about all of them.
Mcgregor to bikers,
that some mother fucker for them to get down.
You look at Mcgregor when you've done that scale.
It's like,
yeah,
it looks like dead man walking.
So like a horrible stomach disease or something,
you know?
Um,
if McGregor knocks out all those,
he's the biggest star in the UFC.
Yeah.
He's the biggest.
100%.
He's the biggest right now.
You think me?
Rhonda is the biggest,
but she's not because she's not the champ.
Um,
he's the champ if they will have parades for him in Ireland.
[inaudible] to for them.
Yeah.
But you have to understand the level of champ,
like their level of love that he gets his.
So like women like looked at Rhonda like this new thing.
There's this new thing that never existed before,
this beautiful female combat sports champion who's totally dominant.
But Ireland has a long history of,
of combat sports athletes and right now Conor McGregor is big as anyone that's
ever been.
And if he beats all doe and he smashes all though with the way he talks and his
charisma,
the way he dresses,
his whole package,
the whole thing.
There's no one like him.
They will have a Goddamn parade for him in Ireland and he will be the biggest
star MMA has ever seen.
He will eclipse Brock Lesnar and Ronda Rousey together.
He's going to be the fucking Mack Daddy.
You don't,
you know the thing about Connor tends a big effort,
right?
It's a big gift.
Big fucking.
If man puts an,
if he needs it,
I think UFC needs him to win so bad.
Nope.
I disagree.
I dishonor if kind gets knocked out dead by Josie Aldo than,
although it looks even better,
all it looks even better,
and then next people want to see it.
Although fight someone else who I Frank Jagger,
I don't,
I don't ever look at it in terms of like what would be the best result for the,
Oh,
I do all that.
I don't.
I want martial art.
That's what I want.
I want,
what did you,
Joe,
that's all great points.
I want exchanges.
I want to figure out what is,
what's the best style?
Is it this long stance with these crazy weird movements and throwing in
traditional martial arts techniques or is it hard Dutch style with fucking
Worldclass Brazilians?
We know that works.
He'd been with for 10 years,
so let's says it work against Connor would have caught her fucking spinning
back,
kicks him in the liver five seconds into the fight like you did with Chad.
Then we got to be fight of all time.
Wild Shit.
But the thing is,
is if you look at the,
if,
if I'm a businessman,
I'm not,
not as Marshall.
There's from a businessman,
Conor winning is the golden ticket.
Oh yeah,
5%.
And it's the one play too,
cause Josie,
you know he,
he's not gonna be around that much longer.
Right.
But there's never been a guy like Conor before in the UFC has been fine.
Like you don't need,
it's not necessarily the best thing.
[inaudible] Dana's still scrooge.
Mcduck I'm not saying that son.
I'm not,
I'm not saying he goes broke,
but I don't even think it's just talked about again,
new heights.
I don't think so.
Look at this.
Scrooge McDuck to the backstroke through a sea of gold.
We can love that guy.
I just never thought about until you started bringing up scrooge McDuck.
I never thought about that cartoon.
It's random as fuck.
Whenever you talk about money like scrooge McDuck I don't like it's true.
That's right.
Scrooge McDuck yet a lot of money balling son.
Yeah.
I think this fight for martial artists,
this fight is a,
is like the ultimate,
who knows?
It's like the ultimate,
the Weidman fight as well.
They're both ultimate.
Who knows?
The only difference being that we saw Weidman get wheel kicked in the head by V
tour.
We saw that.
You thought you sent you salt rock.
We'll get,
we'll get,
what did I say?
Why man,
I'm sorry.
Yeah,
we saw Rockhold get knocked out by v Tours.
We'll kick in the first round.
That's the only variable that was Mutan v Two r though.
It was mute and V tour.
I missed that.
You know,
there's part of me that all this,
look,
I'm very torn on TRT v tour.
Obviously I'm very torn because I was as a person who enjoys TRT myself,
like God damn,
there's some benefits that stuff you can't have that you can't,
but why not get it?
Because Bisping's left eyes.
Why not?
You're right,
but okay,
that,
but that was a shot that landed.
Are we absolutely sure that that shot was landed because of TRT?
I mean,
that's the thing with tit.
If I can throw a spinning back kick a hundred times,
naturally I take tit,
I can throw it a thousand times 100% it's helped me feel that bad case,
especially if you can achieve hyper human levels and maintain them.
So that's what people I don't think totally understand about this argument about
tea,
our tea.
So all you have to do when,
when they're talking about like the dosage dosage varies for every athlete that
takes it,
but what they want to do is maintain a high normal,
right?
So high normal's like 800 this would be the number that we would look for in
your blood tests.
A hundred to a thousand right?
Well,
is that right?
It's very rare.
You get to a thousand very,
it's like super rare.
Like African dudes who eat elephant meet and fucking kill lions with sticks.
Those guys might hit a thousand naturally get some fucking super fucking
genetics.
But like,
like Yo Al Romero,
there probably some times in his life where he's at a thousand.
But most people,
you didn't have to be like some super stud,
you know,
they're just does it barely exists out there out there.
They're out there.
There's outliers,
right?
These,
he's like fuck,
like those Iceland dudes,
those gigantic power like the mountain.
Yeah.
Obviously it probably does some fucking Mexican supplements.
Don't know leave.
But uh,
even on top of that,
Utno was Mexican supplements on top of a super human guy.
True gigantic,
seven foot tall gorilla man.
You're the man.
You're the mountain.
Yeah.
Right.
So when you're in camp,
like this is one of the things that Weidman was yelling at Vituro cause when v
Tours,
blood work came back from camp is the guy that had been taken off of TRT got on
TRT because his testosterone was low.
But when he's in camp training for Weidman,
they test his testosterone.
It's three times higher than Wyman's.
Why Ms if three,
he's at 12 and everyone's like,
what the fuck?
You know?
Or was it four times?
So He's who knows,
who knows what's going on,
who,
what he got away with it,
whatever it is.
Either he figured out a way to get his testosterone up naturally or he figured
out a way to do it and not get caught.
But when you are a guy like Weidman,
who is a young guy who's doing it by the book and doing it totally not you,
your body gets broken down by training and it takes some serious mental power,
some serious willpower to keep pushing through.
When you're a guy who's taken that TRT,
all you have to do is maintain that high normal.
So you might,
if your workouts are brutal and they're breaking your body down,
you gotta
revitalize that bitch.
And he might be taken giant doses several times a week for sure.
And if he's doing that,
he's operating at a level that a normal human being just can't train.
That just can't.
It doesn't mean if you're 19 doesn't matter if you're 45 you can't do it.
You know what the thing is though,
is granted,
you know,
TRT does help and all that.
You still have to put in the work 100% he still put in the fucking work.
You idiot honey.
People are like,
oh,
Barry Bond to what?
He couldn't hit a bit.
No,
you take all the steroids.
You want to try hitting that many home runs.
Will they still have so much talent?
Man,
you have to have all the above.
Do you have to have the talent and then you have to you,
and that's what v tour had,
but do also thing that there's a thing that happened where he had this crazy
confidence because of that shit.
Yeah,
different kind of confidence.
It's just a different person who was a different person in those fights.
There's a lot of guys like the Overeem,
but when,
when he fought Brock [inaudible],
oh my God.
Oh my God.
That was terrifying.
It made me not want to fight to 65 Shoreditch.
I looked at his arm,
I looked at his,
and then I looked at him like,
fuck this man.
Brock just couldn't fucking take him down.
Pull that fight up.
Find that fights.
If you could find that fight online Overeem versus Broncos finish third or
fourth in Olympia?
Probably wouldn't it be great if there was no testing?
Just so you could see that.
I don't know.
I don't know man.
Cause then you're talking about who has the best doctor.
I know,
but I mean,
okay.
Like when ovary and fought Badr Hari do you think bought her heart was clean?
Mm.
Fuck,
I love Hari.
Hate to throw them
under the bus too as well.
So let's just leave it [inaudible] like [inaudible] k one is a different kind of
an environment,
you know,
and I think those guys had been,
these guys in Holland that had been caught.
So here's over him.
She's just looking at the size of the sun and he's coming out with a low stance
to,
hey,
look out bad products,
rocks,
leg kicks.
He's thrown leg kicks and doing like some jeep condo hand techniques.
He's trying to Jab,
Jab,
you don't know what to do.
He didn't know what to do.
He's got this guy coiled up in front of them.
Ooh.
Over him.
Just barely missed Gamache or overhand.
Right.
I don't think anyone beats that over him.
That's the scariest guy maybe ever in the octagon was heavy weight,
low stance,
good luck taking him down,
and he also could take a shot when he was juiced up like this,
and God dammit,
look at the amount of mass he was carrying then is compared to now look at this,
this strategy.
Look,
here's the take down defense.
Nothing.
Not a single,
not even calls.
Brock just couldn't complete the single.
That's so crazy.
He's got a hold of that single and he couldn't go a God damn thing about it.
Brock is mixed up with the stand up though.
Yeah.
Well for him that's pretty good.
But there's the ferocious fucking power that Overeem has is always looming.
See,
it's alumina,
keeping them at bay.
You will never see two freaks like this in the octagon ever again.
There's that need of the bottles and the other one done.
Then the kick approx trying to keep him out,
but he's already heard.
Oh,
you have a bad gut.
That's cool.
Check this out.
He's throwing some good jobs.
Yeah,
it really is,
but it's just over him.
Over him.
Cut already.
He got caught over his right eye.
That flat top ain't helping nobody.
C'Mon.
It looks beautiful.
I like it.
Oh,
that's nasty.
Fucking apricots.
Here's that.
Needed a body.
Ou had already fucked him up.
Then he kicks him.
Here comes the kick.
The kick was nasty.
He throws that kick right under that right arm.
You're never going to see two months ago.
Oh,
and what that right kick he,
there's a left kick that he lands in this fight that I remember watching like
three or four times in a row.
Like,
Ooh,
that one.
That one wasn't a good one,
dude.
I love watching Brock fight.
God Damn over him looked good back then.
Jesus.
Different animal now in me.
Yeah,
I mean it,
it makes you think like,
I get it.
I mean,
I'm not really saying that guy should be able to.
There it is.
There's an is a knee actually,
I'm sorry.
Boom,
boom.
I'm not saying that guy should be able to do whatever.
There's,
there's the kid,
there's that left kick.
Yep.
Boom.
The one that went right under the armpit.
It's,
I'm not saying that a guy should be able to do whatever they want.
Just pull it back to that.
That left kick to the body again.
Just one more time.
I want to see that.
You know what the thing is though,
Joe,
you also got to chop it up.
This is a few years ago to over me has miles on a man.
Boom.
He's fucking k one pride UFC.
He has miles on them.
Oh yeah,
100% but I think that's what I'll call just TRT.
I think one of the things that TRT does is take those miles off a few months,
I think takes a lot off if you do enough,
and I think that's what we saw with [inaudible].
Here it is,
man.
This fucking,
he lands his right knee first and hurts him and then he lands that left kick to
the body and his,
when he landed this boom,
then watch.
You can see that momentum up and he's hurting him.
Now why here?
This is,
this is kind of loaded.
Bam.
Oh God.
Right in underneath just shin to the gut and that's right where after he had
that surgery for diverticulitis,
had a big chunk of his colon removed or his intestines removed rather than,
I'm a big Brock fan.
I like both those guys.
Big Brock fan though over him.
Then in that fight,
boy we had a lot of options because so many good fights for that guy's the best.
Seeing him against junior or him against Cain or him again,
there was so many fights we're going to see in him.
It was the best man.
It's interesting how different a guy becomes when we take that stuff away from
him.
I mean it is the ultimate proving ground for testosterone is the ultimate
proving ground.
It's different.
Yes.
For washing.
The difference between these guys and what they can pull off when they're on it,
when they're not.
I mean you can,
I'm sure you could see a difference in football players,
but the difference is you're not,
you're not seeing them to a finish in a particular context against another human
being.
We get to see their movements.
Like you see a guy sprinting on the field,
you could see a guy making good plays.
You could see guy being energetic and pulling off,
but you're not seeing them in a sustained environment for five minutes at a
time,
three,
five minute rounds and watching their movements and analyzing them against
another human being.
I agree.
It's very like in fighting steroids,
it's very black and white.
I think it's very clear whether someone's on it very clear.
Well,
it's hard to say.
I'm not saying I can't look at it again and go,
he's taken it right,
but if like [inaudible] like when he fought what v tour in Brazil,
it was like,
holy good God.
Then p Tony fought Weidman was like,
aw man.
Oh fuck.
It was like the way I described it,
like a football pool that had like one quarter of the air missing.
There's just some,
there's like something happened like something's going on,
but if you watch say like a fight and a guy is a super athlete,
guys,
we'll assume like people are already saying sage northcutts on steroids.
That's not fair.
He's 19,
let's say.
Yeah,
that's not fair.
That's the world we live in though.
Yeah,
of course.
So it's hard to tell by looking at somebody,
but you can tell if they changed radically.
Like if you go back to v Tours,
fight with Jeff,
with rich Franklin,
watch that fight.
What's the rich Franklin fight his body and then watch his fight Rockhold fight
him and watch his boat.
And there were a few,
uh,
if a,
if a guy has like a crazy losing streak,
then all of a sudden he's coming back and like this new guy,
that's always a signal to me like,
Eh,
well I know,
but it even changes at saint just kicking and punching cause he's not to do
that.
I totally get that.
It should be illegal and I totally agree that it should be illegal,
but part of me,
it makes me go,
wow,
it's just so interesting to see something that allows you to do your sport way
better and they won't let
you do it.
I know,
I know.
You know,
I mean everything else,
everything else you can do.
I mean like we'll talk about like,
you know,
different supplements like different companies that sell stuff like is a
testosterone boosters and all these different than creating all sorts of stuff.
All those things.
Teens a little bit enhance it.
Yeah.
It affects your performance at your recovery and all that stuff.
All different vitamins,
different amino acids.
They all have an effect.
You can take a little,
you can have a little effect.
Would he take in branch chain amino acids will allow it to help.
Well,
what about HGH?
Like,
so if,
if a guy injured his knee,
you know,
there's,
there's studies now the HGH is proven to really help aid in the process of
recovery where before guys are kind of fucked.
Oh yeah.
100% athletes take HGH.
Um,
yeah.
Right.
Especially when there's a significant injury that trying to recover from.
But if they're under the testing protocol,
the Usada,
they can't do it.
I know they can't even do it while they're recovering from an injury that
hurting athletes to it.
Certain athletes in it.
Certainly UFC.
Right.
Because now,
now that athlete that maybe you could,
let's say it's Anderson Silva instead of you could have taken half of his time
away from the sport and he could be fighting soon.
Do you think there should be different standards though?
Um,
I mean between like combat sports and other sports,
different standards of like what you can and can't do as far as enhancing your
body because of the fact that what you're trying to do ultimately to do damage.
Yeah.
Yeah,
100% because it just makes me more stringent.
Not that she is ever think of Holly was look like over him.
She was on some massive shit and kick run in the face.
It's a different result.
Totally different result.
Yeah.
If,
if,
if it turned out that she had tested positive after that fight,
good Lord.
All the hate would come her way now.
Yes.
And then,
Oh my God,
you've got to cheat to beat Ronda.
You fucking loser you piece of Shit.
They would hate her.
Yeah.
It's crazy,
man.
It's crazy.
It's,
but it's also theirs.
Theirs.
Don't you think there's a different reaction when a woman gets caught taking
anabolic steroids versus a man?
Yeah,
I feel good thing.
Yes.
I think when guys do it,
it's kind of like,
eh.
Yeah,
man.
Makes Sense.
A little bit with women.
Like what?
You fucking cheater deep?
Yeah,
Dude.
I know girl Jujitsu competitors,
they're taking testosterone.
They don't even get paid.
I mean,
they're just relaxed.
They're just doing Jujitsu to doing Jujitsu.
Let's not do,
then they're doing testosterone.
Let's not do that.
Yeah,
they're doing like creams and stuff like that.
Like cyborg.
We'll never be able to shake that to a steroid stuff ever.
Did you ever watch her first fight?
Have you ever seen first fight?
Yeah,
she'll,
she'll never be able to shake any of that.
Even she might be clean now.
I'm not saying she's on stuff.
I have no idea that she's always get,
that's always going to be brought up every time she fights now.
Well,
because we all,
I mean it's like you,
you saw what she looked like.
You saw that she didn't look anything like anybody that you knew that hadn't
done
anything that was a woman.
Like when women get athletic and they get strong and they lift a lot of weights,
they very rarely look like that.
Like there was this,
there's this level of musculature and thickness and density and shredded at very
low body fat with very high muscle content and be like,
Whoa,
there's a lot going on.
We're just not speculating.
She tested positive.
Yeah,
exactly.
I'm not like on her.
I think she's on it.
No,
no.
She failed the test.
Yeah.
It's always going to travel with her.
Oh wait.
Speaking of big ass girls in Jiu Jitsu,
you know that Gabrielle,
you don't have time at,
Oh,
Debbie,
she's striking that blackouts.
Yeah.
She's looking pretty fucking.
She's like six four.
She's going to fight MMA in Japan.
Signed some big deal out there,
but the problem with her,
and she's 200 plus pounds,
there's the hell's a firefighter.
They found like some big Russian bitch with a beard or something.
She's knocking this Russian grizzly bear out because like you look at her and
she's a such a freak now.
It's like she used to be this really heavy woman with a lot of body fat.
She was really big and she was just so bulky.
She was so big.
And then like she must've gotten like facial reconstruction.
She must've gotten something done to her face too.
And don't forget about them today.
She has headaches and she lost all the body fat shred cheese,
shredded the,
who the fuck has ever done that before?
Gone from being like really fat and overweight forever and just dominating girls
and in Jujitsu doing really well to all of a sudden being sure.
Shred town 10,000 fucking Bovary and versus Brock law.
100% yeah.
Yeah.
And now she's doing MMA and she is she,
I think she has a fight coming up Japan.
She's on rising.
She is on the horizon card,
isn't she?
Yeah.
I feel like she almost father son like that.
But my thing is,
yeah,
look how big she is next to cat Zingano and cats.
A big girl.
Google small.
Yeah.
She's a good 50 pounds heavier than Cat Gabby Garcia.
That's right.
But she trains with my good friend Mike a fi and uh,
Anderson Silva's gym and he's like,
dude,
you should see this girl head.
I'm sure.
I'm sure she's huge.
And the other thing is like,
she got so good at your Jitsu and choose dominating women that you did sue.
She gets smashing them.
She gets any of those girls on the ground now with that body.
I mean that probably she must have so much shit locked.
She lost though.
That little McKenzie girl I know named piece to this.
Amazing.
Yeah,
I grow always like one 30 how did she do that?
I don't know.
I'm a Fuji to Jujitsu.
Jujitsu is the only martial art where small talented guy really can beat a
bigger,
stronger,
faster guy.
Just by knowing the techniques just by being like a guy like Marcella Garcia,
when he fought Rigo Rodriguez grappling match,
she said I should,
they fight a match.
Like everybody knew Marcel was going to win.
You know,
there's a point where my Marcel took Rico's back.
Rico sort of like violated the rules.
He slammed my hand.
Yeah,
he slammed him because Ma Marcella was backpacking him.
He was on them
like can you didn't want to get choked out.
So he threw all of his 240 plus pounds backwards with Marcello on his back.
So he landed all the weight on Marcello's back.
Susses slammed him to the ground and then Marcel leg locked him.
Such a bad ass.
[inaudible] this technique.
So his leg locks your boy Ryan Hall fight.
I know Dwayne.
Now what happened was someone was supposed to fight him and they couldn't get a
visa or something.
No.
So the guy who was,
uh,
he's from England,
he lied on his,
um,
uh,
visa to get in there and yet some felony or something like that.
So they didn't allow him back in the states to fight for the finale.
So Brian Hall stepped up.
Uh,
but Ron Hall lost already in the House.
Who Do you lose to a,
I forget.
I haven't watched,
I binge watch.
I like to Binge Watch,
you know,
I've been doing the show on Fox sports live,
so I'd just watch,
I like watch him bright before I go on the show,
but I don't watch the ultimate fighter.
Well,
I've been crazy busy too,
and since I have,
I'm concentrating on this card,
I'm not calling those other cards.
I'm only car calling that one card.
I didn't watch it too much that the Artem guy,
he's Connor's boy.
He's knocking motherfuckers out his ARD.
Yeah,
he hits hard,
but y'all,
you know,
also drops his hands and he throws these winging punches.
And so it's interesting.
It's,
yeah,
it's interesting.
It's interesting.
Yeah,
it's gonna be trouble.
It's a crazy fucking week and no one's even talking about Chad Mendez and
Frankie Edgar.
No one's even talking about it.
Listen,
you ain't shit unless you're a fricking Josie or Connor this weekend.
Even Chris Weidman was like,
come on man.
Come on.
Give me some love here.
John Gray and a Frickin,
you know,
we,
we forgot to even w we,
we skipped over him almost.
Yeah.
Well,
we always want someone like Conor to come along who believes in himself in a way
that we can't imagine believing in ourselves.
We want someone to come along who says crazy shit.
Like he says,
he's like our Muhammad Ali,
but Irish and small.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
But,
but in a weird new way,
you know,
where do you like it though?
Because if you meet Connor,
granted he does blame stuff on anyone,
but he's such a good dude.
Yeah.
I had lunch with him like,
God Damn,
man,
I'm a greater sign man.
You're such a good person.
He's a great guy.
And He,
and he really does fuck with their heads,
man.
He really does a number on dudes.
They get in there,
they're all discombobulated by the time they get in there with them.
And I think other fighters respect that because the amount of shit that he's
talked and he puts so much pressure on themselves,
it's like damn.
And he's still pulls it off.
Yeah.
Because even in little interviews when outside when I,
I've talked a little bit of Shit,
I got phoned that guy,
shit.
Fuck.
You talked about the Mark Hunt thing when mark hung got mad at you and you're
like,
hey,
hey man,
I'll extend my DM on Twitter.
Hey Bro,
I was just joking man.
What's up brother?
He's cool.
He's cool as fuck though.
Yeah.
Was super cool.
Mark Hunt.
Yeah,
she has a guy.
Imagine him on testosterone replacement.
Oh my God,
he's not doing nothing.
Ain't no one fighting that guy.
Especially too.
There's something about some mole ones like they're,
they're just,
they're built better to just sturdier like tanks.
The tanks are tanks and I'm a bike.
His knees are twice the size of a normal person's knees.
When you see like Mark Hunt inside the octagon.
Yeah,
he was made to fight man.
Damn fucking dude throws bombs to what's next for him though.
It's a good question.
Cause you know he's coming off a big win over bigfoot Silva.
What the plan is going to happen when big foot.
Do you think they're going to let big foot go if they release bigfoot,
will they be in time for him to fight fader and pride?
God Damn horizon the horizon Bryson.
Cause that's the fight yet?
I don't think so.
I don't know.
I don't know what's going on with them.
Bullshit.
If they had it,
if they gave enough time,
if they were nice and they go,
look,
big flood.
Hang on.
I'm just saying it won't happen,
but you can go over to Japan.
I'll let y'all,
I don't see why they wouldn't because what's left for big w where's big foot go?
What are we going to do with being in Japan?
They're not going to make 'em weigh in,
can way,
whatever he wants.
They'll let them take whatever he wants and if anybody has a right to take
testosterone,
it's big foot is a pituitary gland tumor and that's why as giant is
allegedly,
well perhaps that's what the according to that says,
go into the commission to these bias tests done with his blood work.
I'll tell you that's a great game plan because in the UFC,
yeah,
there ain't nothing for you homie.
It's just nothing for it is now.
Can't do that anymore.
Yeah,
there's no title shot.
They're going to throw you to the wolves and just build off your name.
He still hits hard.
He's still dangerous.
Fucked up over him.
And that was one of the best highlight reel knockout in the heavyweight
division.
That combination of punches of new lands on over here,
but I got him up against the cage.
The fucking Bang,
Bang,
Bang.
How about Travis Browne?
Oh yeah.
Travis ate that right hand against the cage,
but Travis blue isn't his hamstring out.
Remember his leg gave out.
I remember that now.
Getting blasted in the face though,
but that,
that was big foot on some shit.
It was so none of that man.
You know what I'm saying?
We don't have that big foot for sure.
After you're walking papers and go fight fader and get all big and swole,
who they give him his walking papers.
He doesn't have enough time to fight fader like we're,
we're dealing,
it's like December 10th now we're talking about this cyber attack fatal.
A puff cake,
like you always fucking fights these days and then let's have big foot get on
some shit.
And those thing,
I can't believe they keep saying fade or a meal and ankle with a to be announced
opponent this month.
I'll tell you what you want to talk about business on one.
Don't do that.
Yeah.
Fuck.
Are you guys doing,
that's what they've always done.
It's tried.
Always did.
Always think the pride days,
man.
Huh?
We need matchups.
We need good matchups.
You're not,
I'm not buying a paper who just fade or for some schmuck on it.
Well,
it's not a phase.
It's not a pay per view.
It's going to be on spike.
So there's that.
You know it's right,
but still that that's not gonna.
You're not gonna get huge numbers doing that anymore.
I wanted to once change kind of numbers,
they will get,
because this is the Ken shamrock fight.
Two hoists,
Gracie,
Ken chairman.
You know what?
People will buy that Kimbo slice.
People will.
By that I mean by it is meanings.
Watch it.
They'll watch it.
It'll get,
it'll get a million people.
You don't think it'll get a million people.
It's free.
Yes.
We get a million on spike to get a million.
Kim.
This,
I'll watch Kimbo slice Kimbo Dada and then hoists and Ken and then fade or as
well,
I'm,
I think that's the car.
That's the ramen.
Get my fucking Cammo tap out shirt out of the box to put that shit on and go
back to 2002 you have one with the yellow color.
I looked before I was so sick that I just said,
Hey Bella,
tour all the door.
Let's do something new,
man.
Let's try and get some fresh blood in there.
Well they need to do user good.
Pay Benson a shitload of money and get him to get over that.
That's right.
How about that Michael Page guy?
Yeah,
he's fine.
He's fine.
He's it.
He hasn't fought,
you know,
no top competition,
but he has the potential.
He's fun to watch because a lot of wild shit.
Lot of wild shit.
A lot of wild shit.
A lot of wild results.
Crazy knockouts.
Wonder what's going to happen with,
uh,
Ben?
It's a good question.
It's a very good question.
When I heard some Korean organization off from a ton of money,
only $200,000 a fight.
Yeah.
That's not that.
That's okay.
It's decent.
It's decent,
but it's not enough to take a risk and leave the UFC.
Cause who knows if they're even gonna be around in a year.
Well,
if they're going to be around.
Yeah.
But you know you can get sponsors when you're over there.
No one's really watching.
That's not where,
exactly.
That's not working.
Well,
he's not getting any sponsors over here.
You know?
That's part of the problem.
Yeah.
You can pray together.
They spell your name right and shit.
I
understood,
although that,
great.
How about they called a,
they called Anthony Pettis the Mauler.
That's fucking awesome.
I love it.
It's like someone inside the company,
it's like trying to sabotage it or something.
I feel like there's someone in there just like,
God,
how can I fuck this?
I think there's some dude who works for the company that were,
he's on the underground and he's,
he's,
he's like a secret Sabbath tour and he's going into the database and changing
things after hours.
They're like,
look the fuck they get there.
The teachers are printed.
What do you,
what the fuck is and I'll do,
what is this?
He's like,
oh,
I already put it up and he's [inaudible] that something has to be going on.
Who knows?
Maybe someone from Adidas growing pains.
Adita owns them.
Oh they do a zones.
Reebok they do like the redheaded stepchild.
Maybe someone from Nike.
Maybe Nike didn't like the deal so they let [inaudible] at the deal.
Then they sabotage the company with spyware.
That's the only legit like it makes no sense to me.
It doesn't make any sense for the design of the shirts too.
How about that?
How about the design?
Like what did you,
did you guys spend 20 minutes?
Is there I touched was like there's some guys like you think I can make these
dumb asses where this,
you think someone's going to sign off on it?
I mean if you just put that out on the Internet and you said come up with a
design idea and you know,
we'll give you 50 grand or something like that,
which is Jack Shit for Reebok.
Yeah.
Not just get fans who are fans of the sport with Photoshop and you open yourself
up to this just gigantic pool of people that come up with ideas.
You can get some dope stuff.
God Man,
Oh my God.
Phenomenal stuff.
And instead they just basically,
they didn't even spell the names right on all of them.
So you know,
I mean a month,
how much time was put into that.
It's just a bummer man.
And his bomber bumps me out just because I love the Ufa.
It makes the UFC look bad.
Reebok do or the fuck you want.
But by signing this deal now it looked like dumb asses.
Oh,
into the hardcore fans.
They're the only ones even know about it.
Most people have no idea why anybody is wearing a Reebok pair of pants versus
the,
I mean you have to be like deep in it.
Like we are,
like the average guy was watched and fucking buffalo wild wings and he doesn't
give a shit and he doesn't give a shit.
But also that guy's not going to buy a fight kit.
You're right.
If you want to appeal,
the welts isn't going to buy a fight kit mean you just start going outside and
pointing at people.
You'll be successful.
I agree.
No,
let me just can't.
Who's buying?
If you've seen one,
have you ever seen one?
Seen One?
I've never seen one.
Some guy tweeted me earlier today,
he goes,
holy shit shop.
I'm seeing Connor Mcgregor fight kits.
Other that's at the,
you know diamond people.
Yeah,
but they smell like Guinness.
The American flag uncover Gregor Shit.
I think they did it on a website.
Um,
what they did though,
also some guy ordered it and took pictures like this can't be right.
Oh God,
I really,
yes.
Physically had,
it was like,
come on man,
I've got to fucking Konrad Geico shirt.
Well,
how about the Ireland shirt that they made where they didn't include Northern
Ireland?
That was a big one.
Oh my God.
That was a big issue.
That's a massive insult to those people.
That's a massive insult.
Like you're trying to sell the image of their land and you don't,
I mean this has been this historical dispute between the north and south and
you're,
you're going to not include Northern Ireland,
Conor Mcgregor's head coach or like,
you guys better change that right now.
I'm ripping all this Reebok shit off my walls.
Yeah.
I mean that's a big deal to huge deal for those guys.
Just details man.
You know,
it's just,
it comes down to just details.
I'm sure Dana is getting so much shit from it.
He's going to start folk focusing on it more.
I hope so.
But um,
it's a fucking nightmare,
man.
They have,
they've done nothing good because at least if they were fucking things up,
but guys,
we're getting paid.
It's like,
don't worry,
we'll figure it out in the fight.
It's like,
it's all good,
but right,
right,
right.
You can't do that when you're buying guys.
That's exactly how fighters would be dead.
They wouldn't give a shit.
If you spelled her name wrong,
we'd give them half a million dollars.
I don't give a fuck.
Call me Brandon.
Give me five on new shop.
Yeah,
change it.
Why did you want Brandon?
That's cool,
but like viewed nickname.
Brenda and Brenda just fucked up.
Brandon will be in quotes.
You just take that on as your new nickname.
It's like sage,
sage Northcutt.
Someone tagged me on his Instagram.
He posts,
oh,
get my shirt for the fights tonight and the sh t shirts 34 99 well that's an
issue there and then sage is getting such big fallen,
do your own shit man.
You know we've been over this.
Beat it to a dead horse.
Reebok,
you'll figure it out.
Well,
you got a unique opportunity to do that because of the podcast and you know,
you connect with all these people.
Then you have like this network of people that listen to your stuff.
You give a free podcast all the time.
They want to wear those fighter and the kid shirts.
They want to drink coffee out of the fighter and the kid mug.
Yeah,
it's,
it's hard for a fighter to establish all that stuff and get it going while
they're in the middle of training camp to get the managers and managers all that
should recommend
it to them.
Oh yeah.
I mean,
I think he shouldn't be focused on,
don't get me twisted.
Don't get it.
Don't get it wrong.
I just feel like,
uh,
if you're not on that model yet,
you're getting left behind.
It's true.
But,
um,
you know,
these managers and these agents and stuff,
they,
they probably don't even know how to do it.
They don't even,
they're not even aware because everybody's just concentrating on the fight game.
It's like you have to earn some money.
You're not making money doing that re,
but you're not so,
all right,
so you're taking 20% of his money that he already earned from Reebok.
That makes no sense.
How are you gonna make money?
How much can a fight or make doing seminars?
Like when someone starts doing seminars,
how much can they make a decent money?
If you go on like tours,
you know,
we're talking about the beast man.
How much they make.
Like how much can a guy,
big name guy make for a day?
I'm not that.
I know.
I'm not a superstar being all,
I was getting a,
I did a seminar once and I got like six grand.
That's pretty good.
How many people were in there?
Uh,
it was in Canada.
I mean it was packed.
It was packed.
Couple hundred.
Yeah.
Uh,
no hundred.
100.
Yeah.
Eddie Bravo does some pretty fucking big seminars.
[inaudible] I don't want to be rude to him and ask him how much he makes,
but I would think that if you do a bunch of those like in a row,
like you do a gang of those.
So that's a,
that's a real living.
They have to be legit though.
You know what I'm saying?
A lot of times when guys so technical and he's such a good fighter,
he's not,
he can't relate that in words very well.
So the seminar kind of sucked.
It also seems that like Jujitsu is the seminar that people want to go to.
It's very hard to get people to go to MMA seminar or very hard to get people to
go to a Moitai seminar or a harder,
but you Jitsu seminars are typically pretty fucking giant.
Well,
I feel like Jujitsu is more lucrative,
right?
Like rice,
people who sign up for Jitsu,
especially in California,
if you're going through that whole,
the whole belt system,
you'd have some bank.
So they're going to sign up for a Jujitsu seminar.
Machida does a shitload of seminars and real karate seminar.
Yeah,
he does.
Yeah.
But his family has that background.
His brother,
his dad can help.
It's a little different animal.
Yeah.
And he's famous and he's a former champion.
Super famous.
Yeah.
It's different if you're famous.
It's an interesting thing.
Uh,
seminars,
you know,
seminars are very fascinating to me,
and also like putting together a gym and make that Jim a successful entity,
a successful business.
It's so hard to do.
Do you know anything about Combat Sports Academy,
the CSA or Kevin Ross trains out of a gene?
I guess Gina Carano is up there now too.
Variable Nakamoto.
I've heard of it.
Yeah.
He's,
he's a bad motherfucker.
The guy runs at Jimmy.
He knows what he's doing and he's got a giant gym.
I said a lot of members and he puts on seminars and teaches people how to run
gyms,
how to successfully run gyms and set up training programs.
That's brilliant.
Yeah.
I want to go,
I should go to it sometime just to watch,
just for my own editor.
Yeah.
We should go find out what,
I think he does it annually.
I think he does it annually because on that too though,
right?
Like they do different though,
different than just saying they do a thing.
How,
how you can qualify to be a trainer for mom academy.
Right.
But this is the difference being that it's training protocol like John Wolf does
a lot of,
but it's all like kettlebells and um,
uh,
steel maces and things on the eds exercises.
You know,
there's a,
there's a difference between teaching someone how to,
uh,
like perform exercises correctly.
Like kettlebell certifications are pretty common,
you know,
like,
um,
uh,
Pavel does a bunch of them,
a bunch of different cattle.
It's Steve Maxwell does.
He has his own certification process.
I think Mauler Mike Mahler does as well.
The real big name guys have the certification protocols because they figure out
what's the best way to implement their training regimen and then they teach it
to people so they could teach to other people.
And once you get the technique down the most movements down,
stuff like that.
But I think it's way more complex to get a bunch of people who sign up for your
gym.
I think that's hard for people to do.
And he's teaching them how to run the gym and be successful.
I think so.
I'm pretty sure.
And I think also how to set up training,
uh,
training schedules and calendars and how to peak fighters.
That's priceless.
Yeah,
you should be killing it.
There should be,
it's a lot of people come,
a lot of people come to those things.
You should be killing it.
Cause that,
I mean to learn that it's priceless.
We also has a key,
he's got some um,
crossfit shit going on too,
cause they like their Instagram posts.
There's a lot of his crossfit games stuff,
a lot of crossfit classes and exercises.
So I think is Jim is both a strength and conditioning gym and a Moitai Jim and I
know they have Hartman.
They have some MMA fighters here as well.
Yeah.
But it's like Moitai it's very hard to get a lot of people to sign up for more
dine out.
A lot of people want to get their face split open.
A lot of people want to get cut up my elbows.
Yeah.
That's why Jujitsu so lucrative.
Exactly.
He'd get old ladies do Jujitsu.
Even crossfit,
crossfit.
So big man.
Yeah.
It's hard to run a gym,
man.
He even running a fucking 24 hour fitness or la fitness or something like that.
Since I was a kid.
You know,
my dad's a business since I was a kid.
A gym or a restaurant.
It's not the way you want to go.
People ask me,
are we going to start a gym?
Absolutely not.
Yeah.
The chance of you making legit money off that.
Good luck,
man,
Tara.
So competitive and let's use some scrooge McDuck like Dan Lambert,
who doesn't give a fuck,
who puts together some,
just jog.
I mean,
I don't know.
I don't ever ask Dan,
but I can't imagine how long it took him before att was profitable.
It takes a long ass time.
I'm sure it's probably profitable now because it's so big and so famous,
so popular.
But I might be wrong.
He might just be doing it for the money breaking even.
Yeah.
He made me do it for the fun rather than the money.
Yeah,
it's,
it's also when you think about how many different schools and colleges produce
professional football players,
right?
They go from the high school system to the college system and they go from the
college system into the NFL.
You know what I mean?
There's the,
the,
the wealth of talent nationwide established these,
these systems as these kids come up in 300 a year,
so established,
right?
MMA is not like that.
Now you have these random professional gyms and some of them like there's
fighting like Johnny Hendricks left team take down.
I know.
So He's,
what he's gonna do is he's going to uh,
have some fucking hold mitts farm and do some boxing work and then work out with
like a the Oklahoma state wrestling team.
And like I was saying,
yeah,
yeah.
He's got to put together his own camp is leaving team take down.
There's tough man.
It is tough.
And also he lives in Dallas team take down was in Dallas is the big,
you know,
big place in Dallas.
They came up together.
I think they had some sort of a problem because the team takedown thing,
if I'm talking out of my ass here,
cause it was all just stuff I've read on the Internet.
But I believe what they did is they give the fighters a salary and they give
them,
you know,
they set him up room and board room but take care of everything.
But when the money starts rolling in they get 50% God dog 50% we're talking
about Johnny headed cause the champ.
Yup.
That'd be annoying as fuck boy,
he's not the champ anymore.
Yeah,
but still he was for awhile.
Yeah.
You got to wonder,
you know what's the most profitable way to do 50 is a lot of fifty's a ton,
but also at the same time,
you know,
it was Johnny Guy that didn't have anything.
He's coming from Oklahoma,
from college and like,
listen,
we're gonna invest all this money and you hope and you become the champ and then
we'll get our money back on the investment.
Zach,
and then did it happen.
Johnny was like,
listen,
I don't know the details.
It was giant like fuck this man.
It's too much money.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I mean I,
it's hard to tell.
It's hard to tell.
You know,
and then there's the argument that could be made where like if you have a high
level champion like a Johnny Hendricks,
it makes the whole gym better and it's worth a lot of money to the gym just to
have him training for 100% percent.
Right.
Huge.
Because it changes people's attitude about a gym.
It brings better guys into the gym.
A hundred percent a hundred percent like,
like here's a perfect example.
Muscle farm.
You found out that Tj just moved to muscle farm.
Everybody went,
Whoa,
hold on.
That's a ballsy move by muscle farm.
That's a gangster move,
right?
Yeah.
You got a guy like um,
Matt Brown's there to get a guy like Matt Brown.
You can see you got Matt Brown and you got Tj Dillashaw.
Okay.
You're making moves.
You got Matt Brown.
Yeah.
Tj Dillashaw that brain and that Yo mag me up.
Yup.
Neil magnet just beaten Calvin gas.
Lum that raises it big time.
Like that's,
those are gangster moves,
right?
That's,
that's how you get a gym.
Popular.
So now here we are talking about the muscle farm.
Jim,
if they didn't do that would we be talking about it?
No,
we'll rampage was train in there years ago.
Did we talked about the first one we didn't talk about sage.
You know sage Northcutt left Tristar.
He did.
Dad pulled them from Trista what?
Yeah.
When that's in the recent,
the recent article I read,
His dad took me on the Tristar.
He's trained in Dallas now,
some local gym in Dallas or some shit like that or wherever he's from and take
Sam whoa station,
whatever.
Hmm.
I wonder what that's all about.
I don't know.
French girls coach till get ya too much than fish.
[inaudible] Sanchez.
If he doesn't,
I don't know.
I wouldn't want fucking sheets on life.
I don't want to fucking be the person who has to watch that kid sheets.
You know,
the amount just was fly out of his body in the middle of the night from his
dreams.
Spiderman.
But
yeah,
man,
it's going to have a,
a tough road as far as distractions go.
But yeah,
worse things could happen.
Yeah,
I agree.
It's a good thing.
Oh,
he might just fly off the fucking hate.
Noah's got prince returned to twice to our,
after UFC fight.
Night 80 [inaudible] future acting modeling gigs up.
It's over.
Well,
yeah,
let's over.
Hey man,
acting and modeling in the UFC.
Let's talk about modeling and acting.
Yeah.
Well,
maybe just sees the potential for money and realizes you can only fight so much.
I mean,
that's always possible.
It is always possible,
man.
I mean,
look,
you have to think about it that way.
Look at what's going on with you.
Look at how much more money you make now doing your podcast then you were making
when you're fighting and how much easier it is for you.
Even close,
not even close and end.
The podcast is growing every month.
I saw you guys were in the top 10 of all the podcasts in the world the other
day.
Hm.
Yeah.
Holla,
hello episode.
Scooch.
Make whatever the fuck it was.
I mean,
it's crazy.
And on top of that,
you doing these live shows that are selling out months in advance and that's
super profitable and all that comes to you.
It's doesn't have to go through the UFC.
You make your own schedule.
There's no,
no one tells you what to do or what not to do what you can and can't say.
You don't get some angry phone call from somebody says,
why'd you say that?
You know,
you're not supposed to talk about that.
You talk about where the fuck you want.
I can't believe my life,
man.
So I'm,
I'm doing the best I've ever done in my life.
So a kid like this sees the possibilities of the future and he goes,
look,
you gotta take what you can take.
He had to take what's there.
You don't put it aside to try to pursue like this potentially lucrative career
as a UFC champion.
You know what the difference is though,
is he's 19 yeah,
he's 19 he's a freak athlete.
He's already getting notoriety.
He's not,
he's not gonna be able to take that step into movies like Rhonda Deter George
Saint Pierre unless he's super successful.
So if he already has one foot out the door and now you're about to get ate the
fuck up in that division at one 55 yeah,
maybe.
Or maybe he doesn't really have one foot out the door.
Maybe these are just things that come his way,
says sure.
If I have the time,
I mean who knows what kind of go Dan knows son relationship he has or how
disciplined he is.
I don't know.
The only time will tell,
but all the trappings are laid out in front of him.
When you see that,
I mean,
and that's what we kind of missed with the Ronda Rousey thing.
We didn't really talk about it.
She had been able to pull it off.
She was so successful.
We thought she was the exception exception and then Holly Holmes said,
Nah,
check this out.
Wow.
There's no,
yeah.
That's why I think that fight was good for martial arts because it showed you
you can't violate the rules of engagement.
You have to be prepared for any type of engagement.
It's a fight.
Well,
Connor said that he goes,
I let no distractions.
You know,
like I think everyone can learn from the Rhonda fight.
There's no distractions for me.
Smart.
And he goes,
I've been offered movie TV deals.
He goes,
I do not care about that.
There's no distractions for me.
When I hear that I'm like,
this motherfucker is smarter land because of Rhonda didn't do all those things.
If she put all those things aside and just went into a spartan,
like existence from the jump and never,
never Bovary eight never varied from her course and had outstanding training
every step of the way.
You're talking about like a truly unusual athlete.
Truly unusual outlier of an athlete is someone who's got that kind of focus and
drive.
Yes.
It's going to be interesting to see what happens,
man.
It'll work out for the rest of the world.
Well,
hopefully it works out for her.
Yeah,
well,
I mean,
yeah,
hopefully.
But then again,
hopefully it works out for Holly to,
I agree,
man.
You have to kind of look at it that way.
But let's work out like if you know,
I know run is not materialistic,
but let me say workout.
If you're talking about bank account,
yes,
she's fine,
but it's more than that for her.
It's of course,
you know what I'm saying?
But it's worked out.
Depends.
She's fine because of the way she lives.
She's not living like scrooge.
That's true.
You know,
she's,
she's pretty frugal for someone who's very wealthy.
She has a small house,
you know,
she's not,
yeah,
she's not balling out of control.
So think of that,
but then also think about what does she do now?
You know,
she had opportunity for real greatness and for a moment had achieved it.
She had this opportunity to be the first ever UFC women's bantamweight champion.
She took it and then ran with it,
smashed everybody in front of her and became this gigantic fucking superstar
until she fought Holly.
But now it's like,
well,
is the whole fucking game board has changed,
everything's changed,
the reality has changed.
Everything has shifted and you need to adjust to this new reality.
I feel like women fighting is kind of similar to box and where inbox in a few
lose a fight,
you're kind of fucked in the women's division.
It's not that deep.
So when you lose a fight,
you're kind of fucked.
Yeah.
Which is like as soon as you lose this guy,
like,
yeah,
no,
you were great,
but there's a little astrick 10 now,
right.
Which amend that.
It's not that way.
So let's say common,
uh,
Josie,
you know,
they can go back and forth.
They're going to be fine.
Maybe.
It's interesting.
Interesting,
right,
man.
So interesting.
And you know what,
how about the fucking strawweight division?
It's so shallow that you've got Paige vanzant who I love.
She's fucking so scrappy and aggressive and,
but she's already number seven,
three,
eight.
Oh,
how about roses?
I think rose is records two and three are,
I think rose is ranked number 12 or something.
Is that what she's ranked higher on that machine?
She might be higher than that.
I mean there's some girls ranked like,
Oh yeah,
I'm talking to the guy.
The Guy Uriah is fighting is ranked number 12 what is,
she's ranked number three roses.
Yeah.
Roses,
roses,
bad ass.
She's phenomenal.
And she's wild and she does a lot of like really explosive things.
Like she does,
she's flying armbar very,
very dangerous.
But that what?
That is a God damn great fun fight.
Right?
But it's not a lot of those in that division.
There's not like,
she's like per page being that young and that talented and that like,
she's fun.
Like she's smiling.
It's all fun and games till you win that fight and you fight fucking you ana,
that demon who's gonna fucking rearrange your face in five rounds or Claudia
[inaudible] who's a fucking destroyer as well.
Clauses nasty man.
That girl's nasty.
You know what I heard?
I heard,
um,
I'm not breaking news kind of a rumor.
They might announce it already in the press conference,
but uh,
[inaudible] and Joanna are the next tough coaches.
I like that.
Do you?
Yeah,
I like that.
I liked that fight.
That was,
I loved the site split decision.
Yeah.
Phenomenal fight.
Yeah,
it's a good fine.
Oh,
you don't like them as coaches?
I'll give a fuck a coaches.
Honestly,
I don't like drama.
If I wanna watch real housewives of Beverly Hills,
I'll watch drama.
You know,
I want to watch fights.
I want to watch fights and with you,
Joe.
But the ultimate fighter is a long process.
Yeah,
no,
I understand.
I don't particularly like the fights on the ultimate fighter that much.
No,
I don't either.
I could be wrong,
but that's a rumor I heard is from a legit source.
But you know,
most of the guys in the ultimate fighter,
I appreciate the fact that they're learning and getting better,
and they said,
but when guys get gassed out in the middle of the first round and tough,
it's all like,
I,
I know how hard it is to even do what they're doing.
Don't get me wrong,
I'm not demeaning them,
but in order for me to really want to pay a lot of attention to fighters,
they have to achieve a certain level because you've seen that level.
I've seen it too many times.
So I see so many,
like,
like Uriah Hall,
when he was on the ultimate fighter,
I was like,
Ooh,
okay.
You can do some dance.
Motherfucker do some damage.
Yes.
Robert Whittaker,
same thing.
I was like,
Ooh,
okay.
You know,
um,
there's guys,
there's guys you see,
they go,
all right,
this is terrific.
And Dude,
it's rare.
Like last night or whatever early in that last night,
two days or whatever.
They asked me on the ultimate fighter,
who do you think can be successful in the UFC?
Who would you pay money to see?
My answer was no one but probably no one right now.
They have a long ways to go.
Who Act actually in to get to the UFC.
The answer is the guy who's the youngest who's the most focused,
who has the most attention to you can put to it.
Who's the best athlete,
who's in the best camp,
best camp.
There's all those things.
All those things.
Can you capitalize on your experience there and learn and grow.
It's a great farm system to great farm system.
The problem is you're taking like people that you know,
they may not be fully grown.
They Devon sprouted yet they're not there now and you throwing them right into
the mixed martial arts Subaru.
It's interesting because,
yeah,
exactly.
Cause Dalton fighter used to be guys were,
you know,
two and o three,
and then you know,
you're on that show and then you kind of have a huge following and then you're
in the UFC and can have a couple of buildup fights.
But at least you have a fan base.
Well now it's like these guys are,
they get launched right into the mix.
Like I think,
uh,
you know I Roy Nelson,
which I had no business fight in the time and then like six months later it's
right and Gabriel Gonzaga went from fighting a guy in the ultimate fighter with
two fights that Gabriel can saga like lap the former heavyweight championship
contender.
I was like,
Jesus Christ.
Yeah.
That is the trickiest thing about going from that far from that show right into
the big leagues.
What if,
what the fuck happened in that one dude that fought Efrain Escudero and Efrain
beat 'em.
Everybody was all hyped up on them.
Dana was like,
he's like [inaudible] they know is fighting tonight.
Is he on the keys on the card?
I think so.
He was a fucking talented kid.
He's one of those guys.
You,
you,
you see him against guys who are of a lesser caliber and he looks like a
monster.
Yeah.
But let's never call them Anderson Silva ever.
Like,
you know,
I think it's hard to judge when you're watching people that are fighting people
that aren't that good.
God Damn,
he looks shredded there though.
Like shredded,
he's all heads of the day.
I did it.
Did for some weird problem where he was like blacking out to now have some like
some serious issue.
Like,
like he would have like a,
like a fainting spell or something like that.
A medical issue.
Like a fainting goat thing.
Yeah.
It was something wrong.
And he was out for a,
and then he was fighting all around and then he got back to the UFC.
I fought other places.
Um,
I'm just looking at roads and van Zandt.
I mean,
is that the sexiest fight of all time?
I hate to be sucked in.
So doing it the way is that Tim means versus John Howard.
[inaudible] fucking kidding me.
It's the dirty birds.
Holy Shit.
I didn't even know this is happening.
This is tonight.
What is it on now?
Actually on now?
Is it on fight pass?
Robert's qualified as
really,
whoa.
Jesus Christ.
Okay,
so there's a few fights before you get to Tim means that is a fucking bang up
fight,
man.
That's a great fight.
And Tim means is nasty.
He's nasty man.
He got caught by Matt Brown,
but not after he tagged map was a fun fight.
Man was a the very fun fight.
Dirty birds.
Fun to watch.
Oh yeah.
He's super technical and he's an Albuquerque guy outside of Greg Jackson's gym.
He says that other jet,
what's the NHP or something like that.
I forget.
I should pull it up.
Pull it up.
Yeah.
Um,
I'm not sure,
but,
um,
his trainer.
Why?
Why am I drawing a blank?
John Tom Vaughn.
Tom Vaughn.
Is Tom Vaughn is training gym or no?
Um,
I'll find out.
She's a Jim Miller's a good one.
Oh yeah,
she has a cheese.
Fucking,
I know.
I didn't even know that.
My Dad,
Jim Miller was fighting.
Oh fuck.
Yeah,
I know Karen One.
Jesus Christ.
Kaley.
Keren.
Yeah.
She's a little beast.
God Damn.
There's some crazy ass fights going on.
It's crazy.
What a,
what an amazing time.
These three days are not,
it's almost like 35 fights.
Overwhelming wealth of goodness.
That happens over three days.
My brain's like,
oh yeah,
man,
this is what's going on right now.
This fight.
Yeah.
Guys got some great tattoos.
Okay.
It's set of hair on them.
It's an awesome time to be an MMA fan or you're going to go to Abi on a Sunday.
Is this Sissy Bravo and it's everyday was Chanel.
Yeah.
Oh,
you going?
Yeah.
Fuck.
Tell me back.
I'll go with,
yeah.
What time?
Um,
I got a wild ride,
man.
Um,
I fly in early in the morning.
I think it starts at,
I want to say it starts at four,
three or four.
Anythings starts,
I don't know.
I'll go for,
for sure.
Maybe start just talking about it.
Well,
if I'll find out what time it starts.
let's find out what to find out.
What time the 80 probably invitationals starts.
I knew I had to have enough time to get home and take a nap and then head out
and it's,
it's almost sold out.
Folks,
if you thinking about going 5:00 AM five o'clock [inaudible] 23 hours from now,
and what is the,
um,
what's the name of the,
the,
the uh,
theater at the,
the venue,
the Orpheum in downtown,
which is an awesome theater.
It's really cool fucking old theater.
Um,
but it's,
it might be sold out now.
Uh,
it was real close to sold out up until I'm like,
yeah,
last night.
So it might already be sold out.
But,
uh,
if you want to go see a really fucking exciting Jujitsu competition and you're
interested in martial arts,
you're interested in Jujitsu,
even if you've never competed,
you never trained.
This is the one to go to because first of all,
it's like a,
a great bunch of killers that are inside the,
uh,
the brackets,
including Gary Tonin,
who's one of the best in the world in Nogi grappling.
He's fucking sensational.
He's a killer.
And Denny Papagos,
who is a,
uh,
he went as a brown belt.
He was a world champion.
Um,
Nathan Orchard is in this who's also one of Eddie's black belts who is elite.
There's a,
it's like a whole bunch of like really good high level talent and the system
that Eddie's created,
the way they reset the fights,
they battle it out.
They have a certain time limit and then after that time limit,
if there's no,
no one has finished anybody,
then they put them in positions.
Like they'll start off with you on a guy's back with an over under hook with
both hooks in and you say ready,
go.
And then if he taps you,
then you get to start in that same position and it's sort of like overtime
rounds and wrestling sick.
It's a great idea.
And it's like at first I was like,
boy,
I don't know about that.
But then you see it live,
we go,
oh this works and it's fucking Psyfari entertaining and most well done.
Just to show them,
I think,
what's the website that they can go to if they want to?
Eddie Bravo,
invitational.com that's what it is.
invitational.com and if you want,
you can,
might be able to still get a couple of tickets for the Orpheum,
but it might be sold out,
but you can watch it online at butoh videos.
What is it?
Butoh videos.com
go there.
And uh,
I'm sure Eddie Bravo's a Twitter page has all the information as well as 10th
planet j j.com oh,
I think we're out of time.
We out of time yet.
Yeah.
Oh yeah,
man.
It's been fun.
Always down.
We broke it broke down.
This is a wonderful time.
If you're an MMA fan,
best man,
this shit is the best.
All right,
Brian,
the kid live tour.
Oh yeah.
Cisco,
Sacramento,
Portland,
Seattle,
San Diego,
Vegas,
baby.
A lot of that shit's out in advance.
So kid on it.
You fucks.
All right.
Thank you everybody and we'll see you next week.
Bye.